CMV: taxpayers and the general public should never contribute money in financing new sports stadiums - that should be 100% on the owner.
=======================================

	Score: 616
		Just for clarification, are you only referring to stadiums used by major league sports franchises, or all stadiums in general?

	Score: 559
		Good question - I was mainly referring to professional stadiums. Public Collegiate sports are tied to the state sponsored university, so I don't have as big of an issue with that.

	Score: 503
		https://www.brookings.edu/articles/sports-jobs-taxes-are-new-stadiums-worth-the-cost/  https://news.stanford.edu/2015/07/30/stadium-economics-noll-073015/  https://research.stlouisfed.org/publications/page1-econ/2017-05-01/the-economics-of-subsidizing-sports-stadiums/

	Score: 464
		I wanted to say I absolutely agree with you. If a sports stadium was that good for the area/city, then they wouldn’t need any government subsidies.  If a team wants to build a stadium, they can easily do it by selling bonds and allowing the public/fans to be part owners in the stadium. Or the rich owners can pay for it themselves. Or they can form a publicly traded company and sell shares to fund the construction. There’s tons of available options, and government funding shouldn’t be one of them.  Edit: or a [customer owner business, like REI](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consumers%27_co-operative)

	Score: 326
		So, if I can change your view along a different angle. Cities absolutely should contribute to stadiums and sports teams but they should also own a portion of those things. These teams bring in lots of taxable revenue and are generally good for the city to have and as you note they generate lots of money.   There is no reason the City of Atlanta can't own a percentage of the Braves. In fact the fact that no city has any ownership of any of it's sports teams (caveat Packers? not a sports ball person) is somewhat astonishing.   That money would offset the tax burden on the people of the city. Ownership would spur attendance at games. And it would prevent teams from leaving the city holding the bag on that stadium. 

	Score: 281
		Why not?  If the university gains more value than the stadium (and sports program) costs, should it not pay for it?  If it doesn't, why does the sports program exist?  (As it is, private donors tend to pay for these, often at the expense of other university initiatives.)

	Score: 254
		I know this is getting off topic, but numerous studies have found that the financial benefit of collegiate sporting almost never outweighs the cost except in the most elite and popular programs.  It does however make the coaches very wealthy as well as the media companies that profit from them.  Let the collegiate program pay for the stadium with it's own funds if it is capable. The fact that tax money must be used in almost all cases indicates that these programs cannot stand on their own.

	Score: 227
		Do you have sources stating the don’t reap the economical benefits?

	Score: 196
		with public universities there's an understanding that the state finances the activities.  Most public universities are in state constitutions or charters, which binds the state to supporting them.  And having college sports stadiums and teams allows for scholarships and other programs with massive benefits.   With professional sports teams, on the other hand, there are rich owners perfectly capable of paying for it themselves.  There is no obligation to pay for pro sports stadiums - the "obligation" comes form owners threatening to move the first chance they can. 

	Score: 188
		These sports stadiums can be built without public financing. I love sports and I'm happy a lot of these stadiums exist.  But if you gave me a choice between a new stadium (when one already exists) or building a new school, hostpital, etc., I'll pick the public service building. 

	Score: 150
		That's a good point. If cities owned a % of the team, or at a minimum were entitled to a % of stadium generated revenues, that would ease many of my concerns.   At that point, it's more of an investment than a subsidy. 

	Score: 124
		It didn't exist when the league was first established, which is why the Packers are still publicly owned. The ownership policy was updated in the 80's to prevent it from happening again. Mind you, all NFL policies are voted on by the owners of the teams, so the owners themselves decided that no more publicly owned teams would be allowed.

	Score: 119
		> but in the NFL publicly owned teams are banned.  Okay, well that’s an archaic law/rule that shouldn’t exist in the first place.

	Score: 89
		But why stop at sports? Why do taxpayers subsidize corporate headquarters, or other corporate endeavors? Sports are just easier to get upset about but the argument is insincere unless I️t extends to all forms of “corporate welfare.” I think in an ideal world, it’d be great if taxpayers didn’t pay for these, but that just isn’t a solution. The idea behind tax subsidies and TIF money is the projection that the project will be a net benefit to the entire region, not just the owners of a company. By developing, you bring jobs, taxable income, and encourage more people to move to that area, or spend their money or do business there. Some cities like St. Louis where i live need to spend money to bring companies here. If we didn’t, we’d have no leg up over another, more attractive town. If all things were equal, the chances are we would be much lower on a list than several other towns. The idea is that the developments will bring enough revenue to give us a tax surplus (if i give you a dollar and you give me two back, it’s a good deal). Sure, there are studies that question the actual economic impact of a sports facility/team, but I️t also provides important non-financial positives to an area, like a regional sense of pride, or something that connects the community together.

	Score: 89
		What about when taxpayers and the general public want to?  I get that Reddit hates sports but there are millions of Americans who don't and are happy to see a very slight increase in taxes to keep or bring a sports franchise to their city.  Moreover, the most common way cities pay for these franchises is to effectively raise taxes on people out of town.  Generally, these are funded by increases to hotel and car rental taxes.  

	Score: 84
		Stadiums and arenas are usually multipurpose buildings. These buildings also bring in other big events that creates tax revenue, contributes to the happiness of the citizens, and elevates the city’s stature in the region/country.  While it might make sense for the main tenant to pay for a new building or improvements to the current one, the city will also benefit.  In Oklahoma City, we built a new arena in hopes of attracting an NBA basketball team and it has worked well for us.   I do know that other cities have been given ultimatums by teams to build a new facility and I believe that is a terrible decision. Owners should work with their communities to fund the projects together. The owners can pay for a certain % and have free rent of the place for X years, but the city owns the building and can use it during the off season.   Unfortunately, like in Seattle and San Diego, a new building is a way for a team to weasel out off a city. If the city refuses to pay for it, then you can say that a move is justified. Of course you can also argue that the community isn’t coming to games or that the product on the court/field isn’t good enough, but that’s a whole different issue.

	Score: 75
		They are multipurpose, but those other purposes can be served through already existing buildings.  For example, while SunTrust Park in Atlanta can host other events besides baseball, those other events can be hosted by nearby basketball and football stadiums, reducing the overall usage of every stadiums and arena in the city. 

	Score: 74
		Why not have the people who are interested in such events pay for it, rather than everybody?   Why is it fair for sports fans to use the government to take money from non-sports fans to fund a stadium? 

	Score: 67
		The Packers are publicly owned

	Score: 66
		The first link is just something the second link leads to. The annoying part about all three works is that they are all opinion based which is okay but no really factual studies were undertaken.   I’m on the other side of the boat where in I live in Australia where sport and by extensions it’s stadium is a large way of life.  I did find a very good piece that you might enjoy, it is right down the middle and just facts and figures.  http://www.humankinetics.com/excerpts/excerpts/economic-impact-of-sport-stadiums-teams-events



CMV:Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government
=======================================

	Score: 4970
		I think a lot depends on the process by which these women distribute swords that then confer governing authority.   If we assume that by 'strange,' you mean that their motives and decision processes are opaque to us, sword-distribution-as-election has one significant benefit over democracy, especially democracies like what we have in the U.S. Here, becoming a major officeholder (think President, Senator, or Supreme Court judge) requires a lifelong, single-minded commitment to the pursuit of power. You have to raise your profile through smaller elections, you have to build your own fortune or raise a huge amount of money, you have to endure lots of humiliation, both in the form of press scrutiny and sucking up to people you don't like because of their influence or wealth.   What this leads to is an environment where only people who are truly power-hungry would ever end up in our most powerful governmental roles. And hunger for power often goes hand-in-hand with very undesirable traits for rulers.   Lake Sword-based autocracy, however, because of the 'strangeness' of the sword distributors, can't be gamed in the same way, and so results in something more like a lottery, where people are chosen for government irrespective of their desire to be powerful. They would also choose them irrespective of their qualifications, but I think, if you look at our last three presidents, you can find at least 50% of the country who thinks each of them was totally unqualified, so it's not like democracy is knocking it out of the park there.   Now, your question leaves the door open to only using the sword distribution as the 'basis' for the system of government, but not the end-all, be-all. You could set up a system of checks and balances, whereby the sword recipients pass and enforce laws, but those laws are able to be vetoed by a representitive body or even a plebicite.   We could make it work.   edit: omfg my first gold ever. It's almost like I've been given a lake sword. 

	Score: 1169
		So, you are arguing that, under certain circumstances, waterytartocracy could indeed be a valid basis of government.    I suppose that even without assuming wisdom as an attribute for the strange ladies, that it would be no worse than the "leader by lottery" that was employed in some ancient Greek democracies.  If you add in the fact that there could be some additional insights or requirements that a pond lady may bring to the table, then it does indeed become more valid.  Of course, there is also the chance that their criteria would be either poor, or angled to the benefit of those who live in lakes above surface dwellers.  !delta You've modified my view into "Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords may be a basis for a system of government in some circumstances"

	Score: 956
		What would be the alternative?  An anarchosyndicalist commune, with someone taking turns to act as a sort of executive officer of the week?    

	Score: 297
		Remember that the actions of the executive officer have to be ratified by the rest of the community. A simple majority in cases of a internal affairs at a biweekly meeting.

	Score: 246
		There's some evidence that suggests that random promotion is more efficient than other systems. There is a famous [2010 study](http://www.theguardian.com/education/2010/nov/01/random-promotion-research) that builds upon 2001 and 2008 studies that show truly random promotion schemes work better than any other promotion scheme commonly in use (Up or Out, Seniority, Vetting). You should look up The Weighted Airman Promotion System, it's entertaining.  While the random selection of a King from scratch might be problematic, but promoting people at random to an intermediate stage to let them develop necessary skills and then picking folks from that category, letting people who don't want the top spot recuse themselves, then selecting one at random to the top spot solves a lot of those problems.

	Score: 231
		Empirically speaking, the only country that tried it worked out pretty well. Can't argue with 100% success.

	Score: 215
		[removed]

	Score: 150
		[removed]

	Score: 147
		Isn't this a survivorship bias? We know relatively little about Ancient Carthage because the Romans destroyed a lot of it. Similarly, there may have been hundreds and thousands of societies using this method that have been so completely destroyed that no record of them exists. 

	Score: 146
		[removed]

	Score: 109
		Can you ELI5 what this question means? Do I need to be high on something?   Note: DO NOT REMOVE MY COMMENT MODS, I AM TRYING TO UNDERSTAND THE POST. 

	Score: 99
		[deleted]

	Score: 97
		∆  The combination of the study you linked and your idea for watery tarts throwing swords at people who would then be promoted to an intermediate political office have sold me on the idea. How soon can we implement this?

	Score: 95
		I suppose that might make sense in a smaller country, but certainly not in a country such as the US.  I'm not sure where that break point is in terms of size.  Although I suppose it could be hierarchical, so that each commune selects a representative to a higher level of government.  Or would you suggest that we convert all government into small cells?

	Score: 93
		I mean it is very similar to pretty much any ancient monarchy. Monarchs have historically always been thought of a favoured by a divine entity (sometimes to the point of godhood themselves).   If a lady pops out of a lake and hands you a kingmaking sword you already have +1 towards claiming the throne on the basis that your chosen god actually exists.  

	Score: 83
		[removed]

	Score: 80
		>Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses  This is clearly not the case. Often enough supreme executive power derives from wealth or power. In this case a sword, which is an obvious representation of power, is handed to the ruler by a *moistened bint*. The link to the coronation ceremony during the holy roman empire, where the pope girded an emperor with a sword, is clear. In some cases it's a dusty old head of religion, in other cases it's a soaking wet goddess living in a sea.  Another good example would be the Mandate of Heaven which legitimized the rule of Chinese Kings for hundreds of years. In this case even without the crutch of a symbol like a sword.   In other words democracy lacks the aspect of infallibility, which is why you are willing to consider alternatives. A mandate from the masses will always be considered inferior, because the masses just lack the intellect to give power to correct individuals. Evidence #1: Trump 2016. I rest my case.

	Score: 78
		[removed]

	Score: 72
		[removed]

	Score: 65
		I don't know, I'll let you know after the 2016 U.S. General Elections determine Hillary's status.



CMV: The biggest problem with American politics is viewing people that we disagree with as "the enemy".
=======================================

	Score: 1471
		If you want to put in place terrible policies that harm people why shouldn't you be my enemy? 

	Score: 972
		Because ultimately, everyone thinks their positions will advance the greater good.  It's not that anyone is actually the enemy -- there are a select few who use the political system to get rich.  But if I had to bet, 99% of people actually think what they're proposing will help the lives of average people.  In other words, there is very little malicious intent on either side, and we're (mostly) all working towards the same goal.

	Score: 633
		That doesn't preclude someone being an enemy. Pick just about any war in history, and people on either side thought that their's was the side of good. Evil people often don't view themselves as evil.

	Score: 628
		In war people are killing each other, but there are many things besides guns and bombs that seriously impact people's health and lives. Health care is not a *violent* issue, but health care is significantly more important in the lives and deaths of American citizens than war has in decades. According to a study done by the American Journal of Public Health, 45,000 deaths each year are linked to lack of healthcare and uninsured Americans have a 40% higher risk of dying than insured Americans.     Poverty causes more deaths than war ever has. While different sources and studies vary, one study from 2011 claims that poverty kills about 135,000 Americans each year.    In America, there are an average of 12,000 homicides caused by guns each year and for every person killed by a gun, 2 more are injured.    10% of LGBTQ children attempt suicide compared to 2% of heterosexual children. An estimated 70,000 transgender or gender nonconforming children are homeless.    Just a few months ago an American citizen murdered Heather Heyer in Charlottesville by running over her with a car because she was protesting against white supremacy. Other Americans chanted Nazi slogans and raised swasticas in one of the worst   and blatant displays on antisemitism in a long time.    Americans who are voting to take away health care or decrease funding for medicare, Americans who refuse to vote for restrictions on gun ownership - even after mass shooting, Americans who are actively anti-LGBTQ and have done things like refuse to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms they feel safe in, and Americans who are hateful against fellow citizens because of their religion or skin color - these people are not my friends. They have made active conscious choices that have ramifications on the health and lives of American citizens that go way beyond the tolls of war or terrorism. These Americans are more my enemies than Russia or ISIS because they have a *significant* impact on my life and the lives of disadvantaged Americans.    I don't think that the word enemy should be thrown around lightly or used to describe all people who I have political disagreements with - but I think it applies to some people I disagree with.   * https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2017/05/06/nobody-dies-because-they-dont-have-access-to-health-care-gop-lawmaker-says-he-got-booed/?utm_term=.a899c9f9c349  * http://www.nytimes.com/2011/07/05/health/05social.html  * https://everytownresearch.org/gun-violence-by-the-numbers/  * http://www.suicidology.org/Portals/14/Re-Formatted%20LGB%20Youth%202016%20Fact%20Sheet.pdf?ver=2016-11-16-105952-633  * https://www.rollingstone.com/culture/news/trans-teen-homeless-americas-most-vulnerable-population-w504834

	Score: 480
		I'm not going to argue against your point, I'm going to provide the alternative biggest problem in American politics: the money.   We need money out of politics before meaningful change can happen. Citizens United decision needs to be flipped, if you want to get more specific. Right now we can't do any meaningful change without special interests groups getting involved and poisoning the well on both sides. Why is Net Neutrality getting stripped? Special Interest groups. Why healthcare getting gutted? Special interest groups. Why did we go to war with Iraq? Special interest groups. Why are we hemorrhaging money on the war on drugs and imprisoning our 1/3 of our male, black population? Special interest groups.   Why was 2016 the longest, most drawn out election year we've had? Because campaign spending is the name of the game in politics and politicians get in a race to outspend each other on ads.   I'm not saying its the only problem in American politics, far from it, but the problem you pose isn't something that can be directly solved. It's a problem popping up across the world right now and isn't uniquely American. Citizens United is something we can rally around to make meaningful change within our political system. And hey maybe if politicians have less money to spend on ads telling us the other side is evil we'll stop believing it so much.  EDIT: I'm personally in favor of much more rigorous campaign finance reform than overturning the CU decision, I was just using it as an example of direct action that can be taken.

	Score: 458
		There are a ton of people, by far the majority, who are apolitical, politically neutral, or marginally political. There is a huge group of people that are partisan on some issues, but who don't really make it personal. The vocal minority, the attention seekers, the provocateurs, are by far most visible online. Why? Because we click. We cannot help but turn away from the drama, just like we can't help but drive slow by the car wreck on the highway. We are addicted to drama.   Most people I know are friends with conservatives and liberals. When there's an argument over a glass of wine, it rarely gets heated. The most angry language I'll hear is "ahh that's a load of crap," then the topic switches to sports or something else. That's the real world; the Internet is a funhouse mirror. The same mechanisms that you complain make people see only their worldview are making you linger on examples of political partisanship. Be honest, you'd sooner click on drama than government officials doing something routine and bipartisan. It gives you more of a high to click on something that makes you think "yeah fuck those guys" or "whaaat? that's outrageous!!"  It's the same bias as thinking violence has never been worse than it is right now because of all of the shootings in the news. In reality we are living in the most peaceful time in human history. We just have unprecedented access to information now. 

	Score: 326
		But what if they actually are?  I'm going to argue from a millennial perspective, since that is the future of our politics, and is the generation which will have to hash all this out.  If you are a millennial on the right, you are likely either (1) a full libertarian, (2) a libertarian-leaning conservative (think Rand Paul or Cruz), or (3) a pro-business/apathetic on social issues "neocon."   If you are a millennial on the left, you are likely either (1) a full socialist/communist, (2) a "social democrat" (Bernie, Warren, Harris, etc), or (3) a "progressive," or what I think we should call a "Diversity Democrat.  For the ones on the right, let's break down the **goal.** For people on the right, the goal is for government to be -- if anything -- a mere referee that calls a fair game. They don't care if it's the Pittsburgh Penguins versus the blind middle school or the Avs, or if it's the Penguins versus another NHL team; call the game the same way for everyone, and if that means a blowout, then that's the nature of the game. It isn't the ref's job to constantly make playing the game harder for the better team, just to keep it close. In fact, when applied to the real world, they view this as evil. You are stealing money from one family to give to another, and then people demand more before they then have the audacity to call any cutback on the stolen amount as "greed." Just as it's insane to tie cinderblocks to Johnny's feet because he runs faster than Timmy, just so Timmy feels better about himself, so too is it insane to penalize the most productive members of society just so the less productive get to live beyond their means.  In summation, the right believes that redistributionism is not just a bad idea; they believe it is morally wrong.  For the one on the left, let's break down their goal, too. For people on the left, the goal is for the government to make the game as close as possible. If the Penguins play the blind middle school or the Avs, there is zero way that the latter two stand any rational chance of not getting utterly destroyed. It just isn't fair, so the refs should call more penalties on the Pens, while letting the kids or the Avs have more leeway. In fact, the refs should probably take every third goal or so that the Pens make, and then award the goal to the kids/Avs. That way, the game will be closer, and the less talented aren't taken advantage of by disparities beyond their control. It is the ref's job to make sure that nobody gets hurt, and that everyone has fun while playing. It isn't to be a cold, callous, and blind applicator of rules. In fact, when applied to the real world, they view this as evil. You are allowing one family to have an abundance of wealth, while others go without all the same luxuries and benefits. You are allowing the rich to grow fat while the poor starve. Just as it's insane to let the fat kid eat both of his sandwiches when the poor kid couldn't bring a lunch, so too is it insane to let the rich grow wealthier when the poor can't get by.  In summation, the left believes that redistributionism is not just a good idea; they believe it is morally imperative.  Those two basic ideas -- relating really to a difference on positive versus negative rights -- underpin the broader wings of both sides of the argument. They get morphed a bit -- for example, the Diversity Democrats apply the philosophy more to race/sex/orientation/etc than to money, and the neocons apply it more to businesses than to individuals -- but they are foundational nonetheless to both sides of the debate.  By definition, if you are on the left, your goal is morally incompatible with the goal of someone on the right. Likewise, if you are on the right, your goal is morally incompatible with the goal of someone on the left. If I, as a libertarian conservative, get to wave a wand and change policy to my ideal, it will be seen as a moral evil by people on the left (so, likely the majority of people reading this). If Bernie were to do the same, I would see it as a revolting affront on my basic property rights as a human being. Honestly, if people like Harris, Warren, or Sanders ran the country and were able to basically check the boxes for all of their desired policies, I would be lobbying my state legislature to secede. And, if the left wingers reading this are similarly honest, if people like myself, Cruz, or Paul ran the country and were able to check all of our boxes for desired policies, they would be doing the same.  So, basically, our biggest problem is not *viewing* others as the enemy. It is that we **are** enemies. If California voters got to finally enforce their total will on states like my own, Tennessee, then people here would be *literally* and *deathly seriously* calling for secession or armed revolt. If states like Texas got to finally enforce their total will on states like California, people there would be *literally* and *deathly seriously* calling for secession or armed revolt. We don't want the same things anymore. We used to; just go back and read some JFK speeches, and then compare them to speeches by Nixon. They honestly aren't all that different to our modern eyes, despite them being in opposing parties. That's because they agreed on the destination, but simply disagreed on how to get there. Just about everyone subscribed to the same general economic theory of capitalism. Just about everyone subscribed to American exceptionalism. Just about everyone subscribed to the same basic religious ideas. Just about everyone subscribed to the same end goal of the accessibility to the American Dream. We just disagreed on how to achieve all of those ends.  We don't share those same goals. *That* is the real problem. We're no longer fellow Americans. Democrats want to take more from my family, and force people to comply with their system of morality. From Democrats' perspectives, people like me want to oppress them and force them to comply with our system of morality. And, when you take into account the different core philosophies, both sides are 100% in their assertion.  Now, what do you do when a massive empire has separate and distinct regional cultures, along with growingly incompatible political views and social norms? I mean...history has answers to that. I hope by the time our grandkids' generation comes along, peaceful secession becomes a mainstream political ideology. I see no reason why a split of the US along partisan lines, along with a mutual trade/defense arrangement akin to the EU or NATO, would be inferior to the current situation. More autonomy is better, and if we all think the other is an oppressor, maybe it's for the best if we all just stop forcing a failed marriage to continue. Just my take, though.  As for *why* the divergence happened...well...not relevant to the question, but just for discussion's sake, I'm of the view that history has proven McCarthy more correct than incorrect. Our education system stopped teaching the values that everyone had in common, and instead pushed a fringe ideology that later became the mainstream for one entire party. Nationalist progressivism was big during Teddy Roosevelt, and lasted to an extent through FDR/Truman, and then made a comeback under LBJ and his disastrous Great Society. Just coincidentally when the Cold War reached its zenith, it ceased to be nationalist progressivism based on putting American workers' needs first, and became the globalist progressivism that we see today, where the needs of the general "oppressed" come first. That led to the progressive stack that we all know of today, and hence the reason why former progressive democrats like Dave Rubin call the new progressives "regressives," since they no longer advocate for the poor and instead are just bringing out old racist policies of the past with a fresh coat of paint. Again, though, that's just my take.  But long story short, the problem is not that we view the other side as our enemy. It is that the other side has actually become our enemy.

	Score: 291
		The difference is, in war, people are killing each other.  Soldiers in a war are actively trying to kill the other side, so I would agree that in war it's appropriate to view the other side as the enemy. In politics, it's largely a debate (a non-violent arena). Now, if liberals or conservatives in the US started shooting

	Score: 282
		What if someone is trying to take away your health care? That can kill you just as effectively as a bullet. What if someone is trying to strip you of basic rights? Maybe you'll still be alive, but how much oppression should you accept? If someone wants to rip you from your home and send you to a far off land that you barely remember, can they not be considered an enemy? Where's the dividing line? What level of harm is acceptable?

	Score: 244
		If the Republicans vote for this tax bill that strips health care from 14 million people, an average of 3 people per day will die who otherwise would not die. I'm assuming if Senators were killing three low wage workers a day with guillotines, you'd consider them evil wouldn't you?  The Iraq war cost the deaths of anywhere from 110,000 to 1,200,000 depending on which kinds of deaths you consider "our fault." Even if you count only our people, 4,491 Americans died who were sent on a needless war based on falsified information for reasons we still don't fully understand because no one who ever pitched the war did so honestly. If someone set off a bomb in a mall killing 4,491 Americans, that person would obviously be evil right?  If your standard of enemy is "they are killing us" then there is no reason to not consider the GOP my enemy because they are trying to kill us.

	Score: 216
		I am going to disagree with you, because you are blaming a symptom of the underlying problem.  The biggest problem in American politics is that we have an electoral system that all but ensures a two-party duopoly. Between first-past-the-post elections for Congress, the Electoral College and significant structural advantages for the incumbent two major parties, it is very, very hard for someone with non-puritan views to get elected to Congress.  Given the duopoly, it is only natural that one side would want to demonize the other side. The reason that the Republican and Democratic Parties want to demonize the other side is because it has been shown that demonizing fires up their hard-core base more than any other action. And firing up the base leads to donations and engagement.  Now imagine a world where the United States had 4-5 viable political parties, each of whom had a distinct identity. You could definitely design such a system where that would naturally happen. All of the sudden, the dymanics change. First, parties have to form coalitions with other parties to govern. Second, there is no more "us vs. them" because there are too many groups to demonize. There are other countries that have electoral systems that encourage this. Yes, there are downsides to these systems, but they do result in less demonizing of the other side, because there is no single other side.  So if you're going to identify the biggest problem in American politics, don't identify the symptom. Identify the cause: the two-party duopoly and the structural reasons which keep the duopoly in place

	Score: 207
		You don’t need malicious intent to be someone’s enemy. Maybe my neighbor thinks they need to free me from this earthly existence by murdering me. Or maybe they think God hates my gay marriage and that I would be happier if I was forced to divorce and live like a straight person. Maybe they think I shouldn’t be allowed to vote because I’m a woman and should defer to my husband. If they want to fuck me over and limit my rights, they’re my enemy.   It’s not just preferences like oh they like orange and I like green. It’s more “I like equality and they want to take away my healthcare and arrest my trans friends for using the bathroom.”

	Score: 103
		> That's the real world;  The internet is the real world too, and things that happen there affect people. This argument supposes that the problem isn't real.   Things people say on the internet spur people to action. The problem is that politics are sports teams, people root for them not for rational reasons because of their policies but because of pure intransigence. And when you are cheering for a party like a sports team thinking of the other team as the enemy is easy.   This "enemy" thinking is an inevitable result of a two party system. This kind of system always devolves into a "my team vs your team" mentality. There is no room for nuance, you have to choose. 

	Score: 94
		That's just naive.  It isn't some huge conspiracy, people are extremely open about their corruption, e.g. the Koch brothers directly threatening congress, saying the "piggy bank is closed" until they pass the tax scam.  https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/26/koch-network-piggy-banks-closed-republicans-healthcare-tax-reform  Other people are just brazenly bigoted, whether it is against black americans, gay americans, or what have you.  For example, there were some activists going around helping old black people vote, improving turnout.  Jeff Sessions sued them, trying to pin felonies on them, because black people don't vote for his party.  He ultimately failed, and Coretta Scott King, MLK's wife, to personally write a letter pleading against his confirmation as a judge.  Sessions was not confirmed as a judge then, in light of his vile acts of voter suppression.  Some are just literally nazis.  Richard Spencer, of Identity Evropa, is the man who coined the term **alt-right**.  He believes in *peaceful ethnic cleansing*, citing the Zionist occupation of Palestine as a model to replicate.  When he says peaceful he means legal, his goal is to leverage the state's apparatus for violence against every non-white american, driving them from the country, making the US into a *white ethnostate*.  I didn't choose to be these people's enemy, they declared war on me, or my neighbors.  There aren't two sides to every story, sometimes someone is just a robber, a vote suppressing fascist, or a literal nazi.  These are **not** subjects for polite disagreement.

	Score: 94
		As at thought experiment, what would you say if it turned out poverty was caused by democratic policies? What if guns saved more lives than they took? 

	Score: 84
		I'm not sure I agree with you.  I'm generally a libertarian.   I'm reaching the stage in life where millennials call me an old man.   I was actually reading Reason Magazine in college, back when it was actually a magazine they mailed to you.  I tend to try and find common ground with people, and throughout my life I naturally have.  I remember in the late 90s talking with my friends about gay marriage and how it was only a matter of time until it was legalized.  That's something everyone on the more radical 'both sides' agreed on.   They were looking at it from a 'fairness' POV, I was looking at it from a equal protection clause POV.  It didn't matter.   Today, there are things I agree with people on the left on... like prison reform, or drug and prostitution legalization.   I don't give a shit that they're coming at it from a class oppressor/oppressed angle, and they don't give a shit that I'm coming it at from a individual liberty and freedom angle.  In the end, we both agree it's a problem, so let's try and change it.   Anyway, I think the main cause is social media.  Social media makes us think we are enemies.  It makes us forget that we have a shared humanity.  Back in the day, we went to bars.  We talked to strangers.  We got into political arguments with people, but it was OK, because "Hey, that's Joe, and he's still a good guy".    We don't have those conversations anymore, because we're all living in our little bubbles where our POV goes unchallenged and our interaction with people is either at work or anonymously on the internet.    And it's a shame...

	Score: 73
		My goodness. I feel reinforced in my point of view now: The main problem is that one party in the US and their supporters are utterly divorced from reality. It's the GOP.  Doesn't mean anyone's an enemy though.  In this case the divorce from reality plays out quite well in the illustration of the goals of the parties.  >For people on the right, the goal is for government to be -- if anything -- a mere referee that calls a fair game.   That is an inane analogy. A government doesn't just "call a fair game". It can not possibly limit itself to that. A government makes the rules of the game. Whether you like it or not, that's what a government does. No matter the situation, a government always does that, and it can not possibly refrain from doing that.  If you want the government to be a mere "fair referee", then you have not understood what a government is, and what a government does. So... yes, maybe you are illustrating the GOP problem here...  > They don't care if it's the Pittsburgh Penguins versus the blind middle school or the Avs, or if it's the Penguins versus another NHL team; call the game the same way for everyone, and if that means a blowout, then that's the nature of the game.   Why are we playing hockey? We could also play "reading braille". Or play chess. What do we play when the Penguins face the Steelers? The government's job is to decide which game we play, by which rules we play it, and *then* to call it a fair game.   You pretend that the left and right disagree about the last part, when in fact that's the only part they don't disagree on. Yes, the game should be fair. *Nobody* disagrees with that. We are quarreling about which game we should be playing, not about the fairness and role of the referees. Those referees? They are the courts, and they are doing their jobs.  The problem lies in the fact that the GOP considers it self-evident that we are playing hockey, when it isn't. They still seem to be operating on this "natural law"-nonsense (is that 200 years out of date by now, or longer?), where, to speak with your analogy, hockey obviously is the one game all men are naturally meant to play, and any deviation from its rules goes against the fundamental nature of the world. Your analogy is great here, because this point of view sounds about as insane in the analogy as it does in the real world.  All in all this is a really bad analogy. A government isn't a referee. If you want it to be one, you have misunderstood governments. The question is not about "calling a fair game". And it's not a given that hockey is the game we are meant to be playing. The goal is the same for everyone: How do we *build* a fair game? Building the game and setting the rules is *never* the job of the referees. I think people have agreed on this in some constitution or something.  Anyway. Moving on.  >So, basically, our biggest problem is not viewing others as the enemy. It is that we are enemies.  Define enemy, please?  By your definition, my parents seem to be my enemies. Our political points of view are different. And yet, we regularly come together, have some civil discourse, disagree (and sometimes find unexpected common ground) and part as good friends.  >If California voters got to finally enforce their total will on states like my own  *Finally*? Because the aim of "California voters" is to enforce their "total will" on states like your own? Let us build a strawman!  If that *were* their aim, and if they *were* planning an invasion, or a political revolution to enforce those aims, then I would agree that you are enemies. Since they do none of that though...  >We don't share those same goals. That is the real problem.   No, that is not a problem.  > Democrats want to take more from my family, and force people to comply with their system of morality. From Democrats' perspectives, people like me want to oppress them and force them to comply with our system of morality.  And? You see conflicts like that all the time. That's completely normal!  Workers want better working conditions. A company doesn't want to pay for it. Are they enemies now? Of course not. That's not an accurate description of that relationship.  Someone wants to build a hotel. Someone else wants to protect the rare bird species in the area. Enemies?  The Penguins and the Steelers meet to play a game. Their favorite games differ. Are they enemies now? Of course not. They will probably come together, like the civil, educated people they are, and hold a chess tournament! Because that's how civilized society works.  It goes on an on and on like that. Every one of us has different interests. In a society we would all *love it* if everyone else conformed to our philosophies and bent to our personal interests.  Just because others don't do that, doesn't make them my enemies. That's a really nonconstructive simplification of difficult realities. It's the kind of simplification that has defined the GOP and their policies for some time. And it's a *really really* dumb thing to do, in a society where compromise and cooperation are pretty important. Because those are not things you strive for, when you see someone with different interests from you as an enemy...   Edit: Grammar is hard.

	Score: 68
		> For people on the left, the goal is for the government to make the game as close as possible.  If you're actually interested in gaining some understanding here, the left's goal is much more akin to making sure that all the players have access to the same level of coaching/training facilities. Partially because that makes the game more fair, but more practically because you end up with a greater number of talented players that way, which is good for the entire country when it comes to international competitions.  Socially progressive policy is about ensuring equality of opportunity- leveling the playing field. What you described is equality of outcome- leveling the score. 

	Score: 68
		Your understanding of Libertarian ideology seems more solid than your understanding of progressive ideology or the goals. Even in your examples you go from explaining fairly clear Libertarian ideology to shaky or almost purposely misunderstanding how a progressive might view something. Your analogies are also not well suited for analyzing the core differences in Libertarian and progressive views.  > It isn't the ref's job to constantly make playing the game harder for the better team, just to keep it close.  The goal is never to make it harder or deincentivize productivity. It's important to view it as a side-effect of alternative goals - goals beyond both teams. Imagine you were modifying things such that both teams did better without focusing on the outcome of the game.  > Just as it's insane to tie cinderblocks to Johnny's feet because he runs faster than Timmy, just so Timmy feels better about himself, so too is it insane to penalize the most productive members of society just so the less productive get to live beyond their means.  Is it just so they can live beyond their means though or change their means? Is it -1 and +1 with no return on investment or externalities. Also is it so that someone "feels better". What is the real world analog to this statement, since it's not feelings you're redistributing. What if the goal isn't redistribution for the sake of redistributing, but it's a side-effect in the implementation of other deeper goals in society. Ones that don't view things based on words like "greed", but simply see a poor return on investment for society. An example that ties into progressive ideology is realizing the meaning of a dollar changes depending on someone's situation. When one doesn't have food, a few dollars is a lot, etc. Your analogy can't conceptualize these ideas of a return on investment, the idea of diminishing returns, and numerous other things. An analogy can't cover things like education, nutrition, stress, or a myriad of real world things that money effects.  > For people on the left, the goal is for the government to make the game as close as possible.  This analogy breaks down when you realize progressive goals aren't about the game. It's about ensuring each player reaches their own potential independent of their means. As mentioned any disadvantage created is a side-effect of larger goals balanced with outcomes.  > You are allowing one family to have an abundance of wealth, while others go without all the same luxuries and benefits. You are allowing the rich to grow fat while the poor starve. Just as it's insane to let the fat kid eat both of his sandwiches when the poor kid couldn't bring a lunch, so too is it insane to let the rich grow wealthier when the poor can't get by.  Is it about having the *same* luxury and benefits? Your examples of growing fat and starving seem at odds with that statement. This is where diminishing returns comes into play. Nutrition, or the money spent on it, has vast psychological externalities beyond just analyzing eating from a pragmatic point. It also ripples throughout one's live and activities effecting society and choices. (It can increase theft as a simple example when taken to an extreme).  One key thing I would bring up in the differences between Libertarian and progressives is how the economy works and it's role in society. Libertarians are more apt to treat the economy and the wealth trading hands as a kind of blackbox that can't be viewed, can't be regulated, or modified in order to not interfere with personal choice. They will sometimes include safeguards when choices create negative externalities like pollution or harm to individuals.  Progressives are more apt to open the box and connect the transactions to people and their potentials. Their goals and policies reflect this direction. Policies on public education and expanding it to university level or vocational training reflect this by allowing people independent of their current means early in life to reach their potential means. Part of this is also based on a pragmatic return on investment. Does using money from taxes for say the poor or uneducated create a net positive, even long-term (important concept since most economical decisions are relatively short-term), that outweighs the foreseeable burden generated for others. There's efficiency to a lot of progressive policies also that break some Libertarian ideals. Take single payer. Progressives will generally argue that a single pool with a single administration has more bargaining power and less overhead while sacrificing most of the free market insurance that existed. I digress, but I bring up these points to show the goals. Redistributing or holding productive members of society back isn't the goal, nor is it necessarily one of the side-effects. As an example, progressive taxes in general have been designed to specifically limit disincentivizing production.  Personally I've never viewed Libertarians as enemies. I think their almost robotic push for a pure ideological view of the economy, contracts, and individual choice independent of outcomes helps balance debates. Their [internal strife](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/7iek3g/mapping_reddit_communities_oc/dqz60iu/) has played a critical role in creating pragmatic progressive policies and helps to balance more idealistic or ill-researched policies. It also helps set limits to changes while preserving or promoting individual choice.  I can't fault people for viewing each other as enemies if the criteria fits. Say you give a person 100 policies and they hate 90 out of 100 of them. They won't vote for someone that supports those 10 policies because they know the other 90 policies might be more important. In that case that person might be an "enemy" toward one's political views. I can't think of how to change that view if it seems valid.

	Score: 66
		I don't actually think that Citizens United is the main issue. That case was an issue of free speech. The SCOTUS did their job by protecting it.   The issue is Super PACs. Having unlimited amounts of anonymous money is dangerous. Most concerning is that it leaves the door open for foreign money to come into our politics. All of this would be fixed if there was a limit on how much a candidate could spend on a campaign.   Spending limits would not only level the playing field and lower the influence of corporations, the very wealthy, and possibly foreign interests. It would mean that our elected leaders would spend much less time raising money for reelection and could actually focus on doing their jobs. Imagine how much more would be accomplished if politicians didn't have to worry about being out spent by the person trying to unseat them.  The case that really fucked us isn't Citizens United, it's Buckley v. Valeo. That's the case that said that money is free speech and therefore limiting the amount of money that can be given to a candidate is limiting free speech. All Citizens United really said was that a group of people, i.e. a corporation, has the same right to free speech as an individual. And that the government doesn't have the right to limit one type of corporation and not another. If it wasn't for the prior ruling in Buckley v. Valeo, that new found right to free speech wouldn't mean more money.   TLDR: Don't push to repeal Citizens United, push to repeal Buckley v. Valeo. 



CMV: Just like sex education, religion should be introduced to children only after they have reached a certain age and level of maturity.
=======================================

	Score: 1562
		I agree in general, but i think there's something vital that you're missing.  Religious people *believe* in their religion. Full stop.  They believe that they *know the truth.* It's not dogma, it's not a choice,  it has nothing to do with rationality. It's just The Truth for those people.   There  are lots of things we mostly agree to be true in our culture that aren't agreed upon in other cultures,  and there are *legitimate scientific facts* that some people will despute the veracity of.   So where do you draw the line? If it's not okay for someone to teach their religion (which they believe to be true) to their kids... ~~How is it okay for me to teach my child that the earth is round when the Flat Earth folks would disagree with that?~~ **How is it okay for me to teach my child that X, Y, or Z is *wrong* when there are certainly people out there who disagree?**  EDIT: I'm getting a lot of responses that address the "flat earth" example, but it appears that people are stopping there instead of reading the rest of my comment. It admittedly wasn't the perfect example, but one bad example doesn't negate a good example or show that my argument is flawed. I'm just going to ignore these types of responses from now on because they're not relevant to the point being made. If you want to engage with this argument, you'll need to address the second example (which I've now bolded).

	Score: 624
		∆ to him, please. (Err.. How do I do this?)   I want to give /u/on_my_lunch_break a ∆ for just reminding me about the meaning of 'beliefs'. In a very subjective topic like religion, its important to step back and look at what it means to *believe* in something. :)  

	Score: 347
		The whole family goes to church. The whole family celebrates Easter, Christmas, and other religious events. Should they just leave their 5 year old home and/or exclude them from holidays? 

	Score: 249
		Absolutely not! I'm not advocating that the family becomes a grey, blank slate in front of the 5 year old. But I believe that it is their responsibility and a very delicate task to teach their 5 year old about religion as a belief system and not preach it like an unquestionable truth. For example,  --------------------------------------------------------------------    "Daddy, where does the sun go at night?"   "Well princess, the Earth is like a giant beach ball. And its constantly spinning. And the Sun stays in one place. So when the part of the beach ball that we stand on, spins away from the Sun, we can't see it anymore! That's why it seems like that Sun is going away and its night time."   "Ok daddy."   --------------------------------------------------------------------  "Daddy, what happens when you die?"  "Well princess, you know that God has been watching you everyday right? So he knows if you've been a good girl or a bad girl your entire life. So if you've been a good girl and not told a lie, and not stolen and not done other bad things, God will take you upto heaven to live with him for all of eternity happily."  "Ok daddy."   -----------------------------------------------------------   Do you think your 5 year old has the mental maturity to understand that one of those scenarios was a scientific fact and one of those scenarios was your personal religious belief?

	Score: 224
		If it is your personal religious belief, then to you, it *is* a fact. Genuine belief isn't "thinking the story sounds nice". It's believing it to be factually true.  When Daddy is explaining that, as far as he is concerned, it is every bit as true as his explanation of where the sun goes.    You're looking at this from the outside perspective, but *if* you believed in heaven in the same way that you believed in gravity (something you don't necessarily understand fully, but have been taught, have observed in a manner satisfactory to you, and consider superior to any alternatives you've been proposed), then it would be every bit as critical to teach your child how to go to heaven as it is to teach your child to not climb out a window and jump.  

	Score: 126
		I've been thinking for 5 minutes about what to tell you, but I don't know. :)   I think this is the crux of the issue.   I will think about it some more or wait for some other comments. If not, I'll come back and give you the delta.   Thanks! 

	Score: 121
		Yes, we've hit this impasse a couple of times on this thread already. (Look at the delta I awarded)  The general conclusion seems to be 'Strong belief == fact' for the parent, so there's no difference between Jesus and Newton.   I can objectively understand that even though I am vehemently against it.   Thanks for the reply!

	Score: 103
		Add this into the mix  For religious people, it's not just about teaching them this stuff the way we teach kids about the solar system. If a kid doesn't learn about the solar system, he's gonna be mistaken for a while and be embarrassed when he gets older. Then he can make up his own mind about it.   For religious people, they truly believe *their child will suffer in hell for all eternity* if they're not brought into the religion from birth.   Ultimately i agree with you, people *shouldn't* teach kids their religion that early, but we also shouldn't stop them from doing it. In the same way people shouldn't spread hate speech, but they should still be allowed to

	Score: 90
		[deleted]

	Score: 89
		In your original post, you said:  > Children in their early formative years are incapable of rational, informed thought. Their entire universe is structured around what their parents tell them.  Like you, I agree that it sucks that parents start teaching religion to their children so early, for this exact reason. But for parents that absolutely 'know' their religion is true, in their mind, this is a very good reason for them to start doing so. 

	Score: 88
		Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/on_my_lunch_break ([11∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/on_my_lunch_break)).  ^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards) [​](HTTP://DB3PARAMSSTART {   "comment": "This is hidden text for DB3 to parse. Please contact the author of DB3 if you see this",   "issues": {},   "parentUserName": "on_my_lunch_break" } DB3PARAMSEND)

	Score: 68
		Imagine you're a kid, and you're thinking about doing some shitty thing. Your parents said that if you're good, they'll give you presents.  But they're not here right now... so they'll never know you were bad. So you can just do the bad thing, and you'll still get presents.  Basically, Santa (and arguably god, too) is a proxy for conscience. It helps a kid to do the right thing if they have some external figure giving them guidance (even if that external figure is imaginary).  I think there's also a critical thinking aspect to it. At some point, they'll figure out that Santa isn't real, and that everything that contributed to their idea of Santa is a massive social contrivance. They'll learn that not everything that adults tell them is absolutely true, and that they need to critically examine new ideas.  Ironically, I think a lot of atheist/agnostic folks who grew up in religious households first start to question the idea of god when they find out that they've been lied to about Santa. So perhaps it's actually a pretty constructive deception, when you think about it in that way.

	Score: 58
		If it is not ok for parents to make an irreversible impact on their child's life by chosing for them to be religious, then there is also a problem if parents choose for their children not to be religious. What if I envy my religious friends for believing in god (helps with meaning of life, fear of death etc.), but I can't just choose to become religious because of how I was raised. My parents essentially took that from me forever. Is that fair?

	Score: 37
		Yes exactly! I like the way you worded that. I'll give you a ∆ too. You're sort of backing up what /u/on_my_lunch_break said in his post. 

	Score: 36
		And the handy "you will suffer for eternity if you don't" in many (most?) religions helps to make sure of this. Don't want little timmy to be influenced by the devil do we? Take him to church! It's an excellent method for cult leaders also.

	Score: 32
		I completely understand where you're coming from. This is one of the fundamental questions I had myself that prompted me to make this post.   It is my personal opinion that it is far easier to learn something as an adult, than it is to unlearn something that you learnt as a child.  Hence my view. Thanks for your reply!

	Score: 31
		>Children in their early formative years are incapable of rational, informed thought. Their entire universe is structured around what their parents tell them. If you tell them that the Earth is the shape of an upside down ice-cream cone and the sun is at the tip of it, they will believe you. Not just believe you, this will become their truth.  I don't think this is necessarily correct. Quite a few kids can see around their parent's ideas and forge their view at an early age. Children come in contact with many other adults besides their parents, and they quickly learn that not all adults agree on every question. all they need is one concrete example of an adult being wrong about something to introduce a degree of doubt.  >As an adult, your religious beliefs directly influence the life you lead . It will influence the decisions you make in terms of your life partner you choose, the company you keep, the vote you cast and the path you take in life. It should not affect these things in an ideal world, but we do not live in such an ideal world.  Even people who are outwardly religious are inwardly influenced by their culture more than their religion. There are many strains of Christianity for example, and the majority of Christians in the US are far more likely to go along with what everyone around them is doing than they are to consult religious tenets in every situation.  >Considering the vast impact that your religious beliefs have, it seems very unfair to have one particular strict, unflinching dogma drilled into you during your formative years as a kid. Religion should be a choice just like your hobbies, your friends and your career.  I would argue that most people seek their own level. Kids who grow up in a strict religious home don't necessarily turn into strict religious adults.  >You may argue that many of us were raised this way, and we eventually "grew out of it" or changed our views once we reached maturity and broadened our horizons, but that is not a valid argument in my book. For every story of a person who has changed or given up religion, there is another story of someone who's upbringing was extremely strict or orthodox and it continues to define them as an adult, with our without their knowing consent.  But when that happens it's an indicator of a lack of education. Simply leading kids to read rather than watch TV or play video games counters most of your arguments. People who read for enjoyment are much less likely to live with beliefs that are imposed of them rather than form their own. Reading exposes people to a wider variety of worldviews.  >This particular point may be directed to a very small sub-section of the parent population but I'm going to make it anyways. Some parents use religion as a crutch to assist them in raising their children. By this I mean that, God is the perfect, scary, all-powerful, metaphorical carrot & stick for your kids. Teach your kids not to steal, because it is the wrong thing to do. Not because God is watching. Teach your kids to help the poor because it is the right thing to do, not because it will help them get into Heaven. I don't want to tell parents how to raise their kids but I am drawing from my own personal upbringing.  I don't know whether you have children or not. I'm guessing not, because what children really want to know is WHY. Presenting morality in a religious context is far easier than just saying it's the right thing to do. Children cannot control their own world at a young age, and they are dependent on adults to take care of things for them. Therefore they really want to know that someone, somewhere is taking care of the big issues, and we aren't just doing things because we arbitrarily decided it was right. Perhaps you could tell them there was once a secular council on morality and they decided once and for all on moral matters concerning all human beings, but this is more far fetched than religion really because it's obvious from watching two hours of television that it cannot be true.  Ultimately although people often think of religion as a carrot & stick arrangement it really isn't. In the bible Jesus explicitly explains how to be a godly or good person in the Sermon on the Mount in the book of Matthew. If you follow his instructions you may or may not be rewarded. You may be persecuted for it, but you certainly will not be making the world a worse place. Martin Luther King Jr. used those ideas to great effect.  >Religion is a beautiful thing if understood and practiced as it is meant to be. If not, it can turn ugly and cause misery to oneself and others.   Lastly, nearly anything could be substituted for the word religion in that sentence. Eating Pop-Tarts or fried chicken, following politics, sex, games, listening to music, frying a turkey, riding a bike, Ouija boards, and the list goes on. You are making a case against obsessive compulsive behavior not necessarily religious in nature. 

	Score: 30
		I don't know why this is, but almost everyone who doesn't have children yet believes that A: Children are mechanical things like robots that you have to program. And, B: Children are a direct reflection of their parent's parenting skillz...  Neither is true. Children are human beings, and they are their own people. It's true that events in early childhood can dramatically affect the trajectory of their lives, it is very hard to predict how. You may raise up one model citizen, and the next one may turn out to be a serial killer or an insurance salesman. If you feel like you are unprepared or don't know wtf your are doing that is parenting in a nutshell.

	Score: 29
		Isn't sex something "true" like religion? Surely people dont think sex is a myth. It's truth like religion is true, but why is one regulated while the other isnt?

	Score: 29
		They *are* allowed to carry on believing their nonsense. They just aren't always welcome to act on those beliefs. Or not act, as the case may be. They can leave their children unvaccinated, they just can't then take advantages like public schools (or at least they shouldn't be) as long as they choose to live by they belief.



CMV: Instead of teaching youth to "not judge" we should be teaching them *how* to judge with kindness, mercy, logic, and fairness.
=======================================

	Score: 408
		I am not trying to change your view because it is one the I espouse myself - having worked in Childcare for quite a few years I can attest to how this view not only helps children but creates a relationship full of trust, respect, and even love. In my experience children really pick up on the respect part and can more genuinely reciprocate and manage their emotions better when it is their own behaviors being scrutinized.  However, I do want to emphasis and reiterate (as some others have done) about the importance of qualitative vocabulary.  You can't shy away from judgement, that is correct - but a (the) child in question isn't necessarily acting 'terrible' and I think the judgement in that was doesn't do a good enough job of breaking down the behavior. It's extremely easy to hear that someone is acting terrible (keep in mind, I mean at a young age before they are really capable of understanding the nuance of hyperbole) and then associate that word with themselves if they inevitably misbehave in a similar fashion. The precedent it sets up can really wreck a child's self esteem the few times when they aren't capable of maintaining the mature environment you've set up for them. (By the way, kudos)   I know you said you lead them down the path of empathy and understanding (we all mess up, ect) but it started with, "that person is behaving terribly". Could feel, may feel, may be a little contradictory

	Score: 326
		I agree that we have to teach children to be good judges of things, however  >I'll ask my daughter "why do you think they're being so terrible"   I wouldn't phrase it in that way, because even though sophisticated adults with a level of nuance can understand that you actually mean, "why do you think that person is exhibiting those behaviors," a child may think that the person they are seeing throw a fit is a terrible person.  So I would approach the situation less (or not really at all) with judgement and more with logic. E.g., "What do you see that person doing? Is that an acceptable way to behave? What should that person be doing? How would you avoid acting in that way if you were upset/sad/angry/frustrated like that other person? Is that person bad/mean/terrible because they are acting in that way?"  I know you did address this later in your post, but it's important because children can tend to latch onto the main word in a sentence without realizing what has actually been said.  Source: have been an elementary teacher since 2008 and always have to monitor my phraseology when discussing "poor choices/behavior" with students.

	Score: 288
		⇨ ∆   I've seen when my child doesn't live up to expectations her self esteem does take a shot and she expresses that to me, sometimes in strong terms. It makes more sense to me now why she gets so upset in those conditions, as she's now inserting herself as the "terrible" child. I never considered I was setting her up for that ...thank you for helping me understand. 

	Score: 172
		I’m also an early childhood educator and came here to say pretty much this. The only thing I would add is that instead of using words like terrible, you can describe their behavior, and suggest alternatives to express their feelings.  “He’s screaming and crying and throwing his body around. Why do you think he’s doing that? Because he’s angry? What can we do when we’re angry? We can cry. We can use our words and say “I’m angry!” We can ask for a hug. We can sing a song to make us happy.”  You are 95% of the way to a perfect teachable moment, the only pieces it seems you’re missing are using more neutral language and “do this, not that.”

	Score: 94
		>I believe deeming the behaviors of others as acceptable or unacceptable is judgment. I think the distinction matters because I believe as a society, we are rapidly becoming less able to evaluate the actions of others because we fear being judgmental.  Not to necessarily change your view on this, but isn't it more important for your child to understand why you and others view the person throwing a fit as "being so terrible" and not so much leading your daughter to that conclusion?  I think maybe other questions like, "How do you feel when you see someone acting like that?" or statements of your own feelings like, "It makes it hard to hear what you're saying when she's yelling like that." or, "It makes me pretty uncomfortable to watch her make a scene in public, how does watching that make you feel?"  I don't think anyone is going to convince you here that people shouldn't judge the behavior of others.  If no one judged anyone else by their actions or words then everyone we encountered would be like meeting them for the first time.  Everyone makes an impression, good or bad, on others in every interaction in some way or another.  However, I do think that when you say we should be teaching them how to judge it should simply be more teaching them how to identify bad behavior and good behavior in a certain context and why you and others feel like that behavior is bad or good.  It's important because of the subjectivity of what's involved.  Say, for example, that you personally felt anyone who was wearing a hat indoors was "being terrible" and you saw some kid in public wearing a hat and leaned over and said, "Why do you think he's being so terrible?"  In teaching your child to judge others and evaluate their interactions with others based entirely on your own worldview, you kind of minimize the fact that your kid is going to feel differently than you do about a lot of things and a lot of different behavior.  By telling our children to examine the impact that behavior has on themselves and on others instead, we can start to formulate their actual moral compass which involves things like context and compassion towards others.  By instead simply labeling some behaviors as bad and others as good and then trying to convince our children of that, we aren't really teaching them WHY those things are viewed as bad and good by most people which might make them less likely to navigate shifting situations (say in different cultures or crowds) correctly.

	Score: 48
		Apologies for the lack of clarity - I meant that we should judge actions and not people, and make sure that we use language that makes it crystal clear that the child realizes that we are not making value judgements about a person, but observing and judging the behavior correctly. That's why I included my last question about "is the person a bad person because they showed this behavior?"  So yes, judge actions but make it clear that someone's actions in the heat of the moment don't necessarily give a clear picture of who that person actually is. I think we're probably pretty much on the same page here, actually but just wanted to clarify.

	Score: 41
		I believe deeming the behaviors of others as acceptable or unacceptable is judgment. I think the distinction matters because I believe as a society, we are rapidly becoming less able to evaluate the actions of others because we fear being judgmental. You say you agree we should teach children to be good judges, but then ask me to approach the situation with less judgment. Is this not a contradiction? 

	Score: 34
		Let me get a little "big picture" on you for a second. In my view, any judgement, even one with a reasonable degree of accuracy, is an oversimplification. Human beings are unfathomably complex, we hardly even understand the choices we ourselves make, how could we possibly be so arrogant as to assume we understand the choices someone else makes? And if we ourselves do feel that we have a pretty good grasp on why someone makes the choices they make and what the effects of that choice might be, is our language sufficient enough to communicate that accurately?  That's the problem with making judgements. The fewer words you use to describe someone or their behavior, the more wrong you are. Using your example, to make the judgement that a child is "being terrible" is to assume a great deal about the situation that you can't possibly know. You are assuming that their behavior is unjustified, that the parent isn't actually doing something to instigate that behavior. You are assuming that the child is capable of making a better choice (what if they have a developmental disease that limits their communication or cognitive functioning? What if they're in pain?). You are assuming that the adult the child is kicking is their parent (what if it's a stranger attempting to abduct them? Is it ok to be disruptive in that scenario?). Sure, these things may not be the most likely case, it's easier to assume that the child is just being a spoiled brat and to teach a lesson about appropriate behavior. But when all these things compound, the chances of you being wrong about one or more of your assumptions goes up and up. Unless you are prepared to have a lengthy discussion about all the possible reasons a child might be "disruptive and rude", you are doing your child a disservice.  I think a much more important skill to teach children is the ability to *doubt* one's initial perception of a situation, to ask more questions, to cultivate curiosity rather than certainty. How many people do you know who claim to be completely, stubbornly certain about something you know to be false? How much of the conflict in our world is based around two groups of people who both believe they are right and justified and that their judgements are the superior judgements?  How certain are you that your grasp on morality is flawless? How certain are you that you even understand the choices you make on a day to day basis, that you know how your unique experiences color your perception of the world?  That's the real problem with judgements: We think we have MUCH more information than we actually have when we make them, and I for one don't think the world needs any more of that (but that's just my judgement call).

	Score: 30
		⇨ ∆   Thank you for sharing these thoughts with me. It's not that (as you've said) my view has been changed, but made wider. 

	Score: 21
		Please don't undervalue what you do. Teaching children about music is one of the most important things we can do as a culture or society, so thank you anyway!

	Score: 20
		Ok thanks so much for clarifying and thank you so much for what you do for a living. I appreciate your insight on the subject.   I agree that putting the onus on it being a judgment toward behavior is important, as apposed to the person, and I'll be even more cognizant of that when speaking with her. The OP may have suffered from trying to keep it as brief as possible as well. 

	Score: 15
		No thanks necessary! It's just a job I happen to be good at. Gotta have someone in every kind of career - I'm just a music teacher at an elementary school.

	Score: 13
		Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/DrewsDraws ([2∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/DrewsDraws)).  ^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards) [​](HTTP://DB3PARAMSSTART {   "comment": "This is hidden text for DB3 to parse. Please contact the author of DB3 if you see this",   "issues": {},   "parentUserName": "DrewsDraws" } DB3PARAMSEND)

	Score: 13
		There is a difference between learning “the way I am behaving is bad” and “I am bad because of the way I am behaving”.  The former is a productive thought and can lead to a child choosing to alter their behaviour.  The latter often leads to the child adopting a “this is who I am, so I can’t stop behaving this way.” Attitude.   If a child believes they are terrible they will act accordingly, until somebody manages to convince them otherwise, which is always hard and sometimes outright impossible to do.  Source: I work with SEN kids so I’ve had various training as well as real life experience.

	Score: 9
		I always though the concept of "not judging" is about not over-generalizing about somebody's personality just because of one event; considering that you don't have the full context for someone's actions, or giving them the benefit of the doubt.  It doesn't mean you can't "judge" a behavior to be wrong, but rather that you shouldn't let one sample of someone's behavior form your opinion on them.  I actually think this is a very important lesson, because people (and kids especially) can be very cruel to people they have labelled as "bad". 

	Score: 8
		While teaching kids, I get lots of utterances like "This song is shit", and that's very tiring after a while. On the other hand, I respect everyone's freedom of speech and thinking. So I try teaching them to distinguish between  (blatant) judgements and (justified) opinions. The latter ones ("I find this song shitty because" - using the lines of argumentation that you described) are acceptable for all. The former - only for professionals in a given area.

	Score: 8
		It is correct to say that any judgment is very likely an oversimplification. This is not just a weakness of judgment, but one of it's greatest strengths.  I don't say this without understanding that nuance matters, and it matters a lot but I believe coming to conclusions for the more basic questions in life is equally important.   Teaching children to doubt one's initial perception might seem to you to be in antithesis of judgment, but it's not. I think you bring a valued lesson that it's a STEP in the process of judgement, but it doesn't mean you should stay clear of conclusions.   >How certain are you that your grasp on morality is flawless? How certain are you that you even understand the choices you make on a day to day basis  I'm not. It's this type of thinking that is problematic IMO. Being unable to truly teach right from wrong, which is by definition an act of judgment, will leave someone unarmed when difficult choices present themselves. 

	Score: 7
		>how could we possibly be so arrogant as to assume we understand the choices someone else makes? ... is our language sufficient enough to communicate that accurately?  How could we be so arrogant to try to decipher how the universe works or dare to proffer am opinion on something as nebulous as "judgement"? Is our language sophisticated enough?   This type of reduction to futility you're employing can be applied to any argument, hence it's fairly meaningless.  The fact is, we do, and it's the only way we know how to discuss anything.  >That's the problem with making judgements. The fewer words you use to describe someone or their behavior, the more wrong you are.  "NBA players are tall"  "Trump is sexist"  "Newton was smart"  >Unless you are prepared to have a lengthy discussion about all the possible reasons a child might be "disruptive and rude", you are doing your child a disservice.  I'm sure OP's plan is that over the years the would be enough scenarios and explanations to cover a fairly wide gamut of the human condition.   Again you're taking some argument to futility. The fact that OP might be wrong about the real reason a child is misbehaving is not so relevant. What is relevant is teaching the child to empathize, and think beyond just good and bad. That's more useful than not doing so.   Your argument seems to be that because it's not comprehensive, and it's practically infeasible to be comprehensive, it shouldn't be attempted, or it's somehow harmful.   No effort is entirely comprehensive when teaching with children. But a good parent tries.   >and that their judgements are the superior judgements? ... How certain are you that your grasp on morality is flawless?  I think I'm beginning to repeat myself. Simply, do you suggest no attempts are made to teach children?   Also OP doesn't appear think his judgements are necessarily superior. It is preferred, and every parent has to be a role model whether they want to our not. He's merely encouraging critical thinking, not imposing values (not purposefully anyway).   OP's lesson seems to me too be "other people's behaviors are not black and white, but grey. They might have justifications behind those behaviors which are not apparent from the outside. Those are the same that you might experience from time to time."  I'm sure when the child gets older she will form some opinions different to OP. And hopefully, if OP is successful those opinions will be more sophisticated than her peers whose parents did not go beyond "good behavior" and "bad behavior".  Children are virtually a blank slate. Every interaction with them is imposing one thing or another. Don't be silly with over philosophizing a simple idea - teach children to think about a situation on a deeper level. 

	Score: 7
		I think that their point is probably that you cannot judge a stranger *as a person* off of one interaction - it is important to be understanding and empathetic towards people while still thinking they are doing something wrong.   e.g. you can think that a child "screaming in the market, jumping up and down creating a massive scene, hitting their parent etc." (to take your example) is being rude and inconsiderate of their parents and everyone else in the market, but you should still promote to the your daughter the fact that they don't know if this child is a bad person just because of this one action, and that they should understand why they are acting the way they are acting.  I think when judging the parents of this child I think that you personally should think they are doing bad parenting at that moment, but also not feel superior to them or think they are bad parents because you don't know why their child is behaving like that in that moment.  I would worry that pointing out to your daughter the bad things that other children are doing all the time would make her begin to feel a bit smug and look down on others. I think that empathy and the capacity to forgive are just as, if not more important than, good manners, and you need to make sure that is also being taught to your daughter - kindness does not necessarily come automatically.

	Score: 6
		I agree that judging positively is better than not judging. However, not judging is also better than judging negatively.   It may work well in cases where the adult is capable of judging positively, and thus capable of teaching the younger person how to do so as well. But judging negatively is much easier to do and is likely more common too.   In teaching "do not judge", it may be a unconscious projection onto others that they will also judge negatively as the "teacher" has done in the past. This teacher would not be a suitable person to tell others how to judge positively. Not judging is also easier to "teach" as it simply requires that no judging is done, instead of how to judge.   In your case where you feel capable of teaching your daughter how to judge, by all means carry on. But as a general rule, teaching not to judge may be better than teaching how to judge. 



CMV: Netflix is becoming less of a way to "cut the cable", and more like just another premium cable service like HBO.
=======================================

	Score: 828
		I don't think you're viewing the term "cut the cable" the way everyone else is. The problems people have with cable are  1. Paying for something and also watching ads 2. Being restricted to a broadcast schedule 3. Paying for things you aren't interested in  I don't really know what you were expecting Netflix to be. It sounds like you wanted it to always be cheap, let you see everything, and all the original content should be made by other people and would be as good or better than during the cable era. I don't know how this would be expected to work.  You say "I've already seen most of what I'm interested in", but how often do you search for things to become interested in? If you're only interested in all the hot new shows that are coming out, then of course you'll have to pay more to see them. If you don't pay for them, they won't get made. Netflix being used for airing shows is new, and has nothing to do with the old dream of cable cutting.

	Score: 530
		[removed]

	Score: 273
		I would add  Being trapped in a lengthy contract where prices and fees can change over time

	Score: 236
		The idea that Netflix would allow users to cut cable was always optimistic. They're making some moves towards that, but you're right that at this stage they're still an early HBO or, at best, a content curator. They want to get live sports, they want to get news shows - as evidence by Chelsea Handler's show - but it's too expensive and not what their user core wants right now. So "cut the cable" is really a marketing gimmick/promise of what they hope to offer in the future.   But I've also never thought of cable cutting as being tied to any one thing. I don't have cable, instead I have Netflix, Hulu, and MLSLive. I think of those as basically three channels that do three things very effectively, the only three things I really care about in TV, and it costs less and is easier to deal with than cable. So maybe Netflix is just one instance in a broader cable-cutting atmosphere?

	Score: 112
		> Paying for something and also watching ads  What does it say that I completely forgot this point when I was thinking how much the format of Netflix (and streaming in general) is what I like and I would never consider subscribing to cable for that reason  I seriously forgot TV had ad breaks  And hell I'm almost 40.. I grew up with network TV, I think there are a lot of younger people who wouldn't touch cable almost regardless of content at this point

	Score: 108
		> But that isn't really fulfilling *my* dream of cable cutting.  I mean, that's awfully specific. For most people the argument of:  >  that you don't NEED every scrap of content out there, so you can cut the cable and just get by with less entertainment.  is exactly what they're looking for. They don't need to satisfy 100% of customers, they never did. By dismissing the argument that works for *most* people just because it doesn't satisfy *your* needs pretty much shuts down any discussion here. Reading over your post I get the feeling that you didn't come here to have your view changed, but rather to reinforce your view.  I will say this. I subscribe to three different services. Sort of. I sub to Netflix, Amazon, and while Game of Thrones is running, I sub to HBO Now. Amazon is a byproduct of my Prime sub. HBO is temporary because I want to support a specific great show. That leaves Netflix. For me, it's enough. I don't mind waiting to see most shows. I don't mind not having access to *every* show from Cable. I like their exclusive content. Their subscription numbers say that most people fall into a category similar to mine. Netflix is their primary source for watching, and as long as they have enough quality content to satisfy the X hours that people are going to spend watching tv/movies at home, they're going to remain a viable primary option for people's watching needs.  I agree that in general, as things get more fragmented, it is possible that Netflix will fail to meet the needs of their customers. I do not think we've hit that critical mass yet, nor are we close. Netflix is still dominant, it is still a legitimate cable alternative. The biggest threat is Disney cutting ties with Netflix to create their own service. We'll see how Netflix responds. They've lost massive contracts before and recovered. Again, as long as they can fill those watching hours for *most* people, they'll be fine and the dream of cable cutting cheaply will be alive.

	Score: 95
		To some extent yes, it might have been a pipe dream all along.  But I do think there was and still is serious discussion of how cable companies will survive in this new era.  I think that they have adapted maybe a little better than everyone gives them credit for, by playing hardball with Netflix and not just letting them capture the whole market.

	Score: 82
		There are 2 issues with your CMV that make it hard to argue against, but I'll try. Firstly, is the wording "becoming less, and more" just observes a change but not how drastic that change is nor whether it still functions as cable-cutting service. Any change in that direction makes your statement true. That Netflix has been moving towards original material over the last 5 years or so is a [matter of fact](https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2017/04/netflix-to-borrow-additional-1-billion-to-produce-more-original-movies-and-shows/) and not up for debate.   The second and trickier issue is that it's a CMV about the way YOU use Netflix. That a service is becoming less of what you want for how YOU use it is extremely subjective. Sure it's a CMV but you're asking people to change your subjective view *about* extremely subjective video-watching practices on your part.   So here's my argument, is that your definition of a cord-cutting service is far too narrow because it depends on your personal habits. For our house, we cut the cord partly because we **hate** commercials. I know nobody likes them, but we hate them. I have a memory that latches onto that stuff for days and sometimes years and I have an extreme aversion to feeling like I'm being programmed. I actually stopped watching TV mostly because I don't think the unsigned contract; get 24 minutes of entertainment in return for watching 6 minutes of commercials...was ever worth it at all. Our other main reason is choosing what we want to watch on demand; fuck channel surfing, fuck TV guides. I want to watch what I want, on demand or (literally) not at all. HBO offers a similar streaming service called HBO Now but you don't have to be a cable subscriber to get it, which to me makes your point slightly moot. Yes Netflix is increasingly an original content creator, but one can get HBO and other network content whilst still cutting the cord of an expensive cable subscription as well. Sports? Yeah, I don't care about sports any more. TV shows? Hulu. Netflix doesn't have to be an all in one service to be a cord cutting service, it doesn't *need* to act alone to fulfill its goal. It was the main catalyst in **our** cord cutting...the ability to be entertained by video content we choose, on demand, **without commercials** and an expensive subscription. It is still very much all of those things and the move towards original content does not affect those things in the slightest for us. Your mileage may vary because it's a subjective opinion about your own highly individualized and subjective usage.    Edit: I would argue also that your complaint that you've basically binged all there was to binge means you got an extremely good value from your Netflix dollar.

	Score: 81
		Does Netflix fulfill *your* dream of cable cutting? Apparently not. Does it fulfill mine, and for plenty of others? Yes!    For me, it provides enough shows (full seasons that I can watch whenever), more movies that I can choose to watch anytime, and with 0 ads, for $10.    That is incredible compared to $40 of too much stuff I don't want to see, can't control when I see it, is gone the next day, and filled with ads that make me feel like my brain is rotting. For NBA and NFL playoffs I use an antenna or go to a bar. So I just have Netflix and haven't bought cable in 5 years.

	Score: 77
		Sure, but that's not what your post is about.  You're saying that the focus on original programming and the fact that every channel is getting a streaming service is the reason that you can't cut the cable and dramatically save money.  I'm arguing this was never the case. It was always a pipe dream and a complete fabrication by the streaming industry to attract more customers. Therefore, it has nothing to do with original content or the growing number of streaming services.  From day one it was simply a marketing ploy. 

	Score: 50
		Lets take sports alone, for example. ESPN pays $1.9 billion dollars per year to host one NFL game per week. 1 game per week is $1.9 billion dollars year. I just looked it up and Netflix has 104 million subscribers. For them to offset the cost, Netflix would need to charge $18 more per subscriber per year just to host Monday Night Football. Add in the other games hosted by Fox, CBS, and NBC, and that number would be even higher.  And that's only the NFL. You want college football, soccer, hockey, basketball, baseball, etc. and that number is astronomical.  Additionally, CNN or FOX or NBC don't need Netflix because they're still getting plenty of viewers on regular cable. Netflix would need to offer figured in the 100s of millions (if not billions) to get CNN or Fox or NBC to allow Netflix to broadcast their shows.  By the time you factor all that out, even if Netflix agrees to eat some of the cost in the beginning, your monthly subscription to Netflix would be right around the cost of cable anyway to get the things cable offers.  I just found an article that Netflix is putting $6 billion into their original programming in 2017. A simple Google search reveals that the current tv contracts with the NFL cost roughly $4.4 billion per year. That nearly matches Netflix's total budget and all you get are football games.  The money isn't there yet for Netflix to be able to offer those services.

	Score: 45
		I keep forgetting this too.  Even when I go to visit parents or stay at a hotel with cable I end up watching Netflix anyway because I can't deal with 5 minutes of commercials for every 7 minutes of actual content.  Don't know how I put up with that through my childhood. I guess because there were no other options.  I wouldn't use cable TV even if it was free

	Score: 41
		Yep. I'm in my mid 20s and, of those of my friends who have moved out on their own, not a single one has cable.

	Score: 41
		>I wouldn't use cable TV even if it was free   You hit the nail on the head for me. If Netflix wasn't around, or added ads, I just wouldn't watch TV anymore.  Ads ruined TV and other media for me and I'll never go back, even if that means just not costuming media anymore.

	Score: 33
		So wouldn't that disprove your point?  Netflix hasn't stopped their normal streaming content in favor of their original content. It's an addition, not a subtraction or replacement. By your logic, original content should be strengthening Netflix, not weakening it. If the goal was for Netflix to replace cable from the beginning then original content is the obvious next step in making that possible.  Therefore, not only would Netflix still be streaming their unoriginal programming, viewers now have more options with original content.

	Score: 33
		For many cord-cutters, getting sports (and the associated costs) out of the mix is a pro, not a con. 

	Score: 32
		Thing is, as someone who gets all his news from the internet and doesn't care about sports whatsoever, I've enjoyed Stranger Things quite a bit and much prefer them investing time into making their library stronger than wasting money on things I don't care about. And I'm sure there are people who think the opposite.  You can't please everyone, but what Netflix is doing is great for some people. I'm sure as hell never going to get cable again, so as long as they keep putting out good shows, be it their own or licensed from others, they are a cord cutting solution for me.

	Score: 31
		Also, you're not required to buy crappy hardware. You can watch Netflix anywhere, anytime. And download shows too. All for the same price. 

	Score: 28
		Mid 30s here, none of my friends have cable either.  The only people I know with cable are 50+.

	Score: 27
		I don't think it was always a marketing ploy.  I think there has always been a possibility that the entire paradigm shifted away from cable to a streaming model.  It isn't impossible to imagine a world where most people have substituted robust streaming options for cable.  But the industry isn't going down without a fight so obviously we haven't reached that yet.



CMV: Calling things "Cultural Appropriation" is a backwards step and encourages segregation.
=======================================

	Score: 939
		I think the problem people have with cultural appropriation is that it you can easily misrepresent the culture you're borrowing from in a way that perpetuates a stereotype that puts them at a greater cultural distance from "your culture" than they actually are.  Suppose all Germans represented in your media always wear Lederhosen, have a beer in their hand, and speak in yodels. These are all distinctly (southern) German tropes, none have an inherent negative connotation, and you could just be using them to signal German-ness to the audience. At some point this becomes harmful, if people start to associate Germans with these, and view them as more foreign than they really are.  People do get over-sensitive about it at times, but note that most people would only take offense in cultural appropriation that links back to their people - I doubt many Indians will resent you for liking chicken tikka, because that doesn't link you back to the people of India, while some might be offended by you wearing a sari, because that's perceived by others in a way that links directly back to the Indian people, and appears foreign in the West.  This is especially true if you associate with other properties stereotypical to these people that they don't necessarily want to associate with themselves as a people, for example if you wear Native American clothes and view yourself as "having a connection with the earth", or if you adopt a faux-AAVE accent and view yourself as "gangsta", etc.  EDIT: There are too many comments in this spirit to respond individually - I'm not expressing personal moral judgment on whether any particular type of cultural appropriation is good or bad, and I'm not personally offended by any of it myself. I'm only trying to explore what logic may drive people who *are* offended by appropriation of their culture, even if I personally tend to agree with most of the caveats expressed in the comments, because this seems to be a common sentiment even among some people who are otherwise very rational.

	Score: 550
		I understand what you are saying, but when I see people calling others out for "Cultural Appropriation" it's not when they are trying to represent other people, they are just enjoying things traditionally associated with other cultures. That's what I take issue with. 

	Score: 373
		Ok, here goes. I agree there's nothing wrong with an equal, respectful cultural exchange. But I do think that cultural appropriation exists and needs to be called out.  Power dynamics makes all the difference. When members of a dominant culture take elements from a minority groups’ culture for profit without doing prior research, it’s cultural appropriation.  For one, it's a question of pure exploitation. A textbook example of cultural appropriation is Urban Outfitters selling Navajo-inspired products such as the “Navajo Hipster Panty” and “Navajo Flask.” This isn't enjoying other cultures; this is profiting off your own culture with the guise of caring for other cultures. While Urban Outfitters was profiting off those products by their position as the hottest alternative brand in town, the Navajo people selling high quality, authentic merchandise suffered. This is extremely far removed from what Navajo people live every day. And it's misrepresenting their culture while putting actual Navajo people down.   Rock and roll is another good example; not of cultural appropriation, but as an example of how racism is inherently tied to it. Take Elvis Presley, for instance. Almost everyone knows him as the “King of Rock and Roll,” but the genre goes all the way back to the blues. Black artists had written and recorded high-quality rock and roll music years before Elvis, but the white media wasn’t yet ready to accept them. As Sam Phillips, Elvis’ first producer, famously said, “If I could find a white man who had the Negro sound and the Negro feel, I could make a billion dollars.” When Elvis Presley came along, ~~he saw rock and roll and claimed it as is own. In short, he appropriated it, and~~ the rock and roll movement went down in history as a white revolution.   And then it’s just disrespectful. Members of a dominant group don’t have to deal with the challenges that minorities face daily. White fashion models who wear dreadlocks are praised for being “alternative” and “edgy,” but they don’t have to face the possibilities of being denied employment that black people who decide to wear their hair naturally do. This attitude praises whites while disparaging blacks for exactly the same thing, which is inherently racist. Doing away with it would be better than not.  I don't think that any culture in history has tried to avoid cultural appropriation. Success was dominance of culture. So that's why it's a big deal today - ~~we want to stop~~ I'm glad people are acknowledging the vicious cycle of cultural dominance.   Finally I would say respectful engagement is everything. Moana is a great example of respectful cultural engagement. It was a movie made by white people, for a white audience to enjoy. But the producers went to speak to indigenous people, changing things to their approval. Some of the proceeds went to the people as well, I think (though I'm not entirely sure). As long as you're being respectful when engaging with another culture (by knowing where those cultural elements are coming from) and you're making sure that you aren't disadvantaging them economically, you're good to go. Power imbalances, of course, make all the difference. I don't think buying Navajo products is disrespectful as long as you know how they're used by Navajo people and they're bought from Navajo people. It's a fine line, but it's one that deserves a lot of thought.  **Edit:** Okay. Some people have called me out for being unfair to Elvis, and I completely agree with that. Like r/newaccount pointed out, Elvis was surrounded by blues and country music, and that was as much his culture as it was everyone else's in that region. And r/egn56 also said out that Elvis fully realized that his success was due to race and he "didn't take credit as much more as he was made into that figure by the media," even himself pointing out the unfairness of his situation. I just brought up his situation as an example of the racism in society that exists in order for cultural appropriation to occur. It's not on Elvis, but his fame exposes the flaws in a society that celebrates whites for something while ignoring something prevalent in and identifying to black society of that area for the same thing.   And...thanks for the unexpected gold! Even though this issue may seem small, it plays its own role in racial tensions, and I'm glad I struck a chord. 

	Score: 311
		I don't think that's true. Things get taken and changed and brought into different cultures all the time. Like tea from India into Britain, but we still know and understand the origins. 

	Score: 251
		So you're saying that "Cultural Appropriation" isn't a problem, racism is. I think most agree with the latter. 

	Score: 187
		If you stop people from sharing culture, you encourage the people to segregate.

	Score: 159
		Things have meanings. These meanings can be lost if just the outward appearance of a thing is used without any concern for the meaning of a thing. 

	Score: 149
		> I understand what you are saying, but when I see people calling others out for "Cultural Appropriation" it's not when they are trying to represent other people, they are just enjoying things traditionally associated with other cultures. That's what I take issue with.    Ok, but I *do* think people get called out for representing other people. Like a white person with dreadlocks or go to /r/ireland this month and watch them snicker at Americans all drunk and dressed in green for St Patrick’s Day festivities.   I actually think representing other people is when someone is most likely to be called out for cultural appropriation, don’t you OP?   Whether it’s music or food (for examples), I don’t really see these as a big of a problem, and if not, what else is there OP?  So many white rock musicians borrowed from African American R&B music and plenty of African American rappers borrowed samples from white musicians. When Eminem can rap well, and gets props from fellow rappers, I think most musicians agree that collaborating is just enhancing musical compositions. The public tends to follow eventually.   George Harrison or Paul Simon collaborating with Indian or South African musicians respectively is a long line of musical collaborations, the latter was criticized because of South Africa’s policies at the time, not cultural appropriation.   With food, that is heavily collaborative as well. Did you see [Gordon Ramsey kill it on a Korean cooking show](https://youtu.be/y7Kq5il3rLk)? He mentioned how meaningful Korean food had been to him and then cooked up a masterpiece to prove it. That’s not cultural appropriation - that’s love and respect for another culture.  And I think this gets to your point OP.   When people are accused of cultural appropriation they often disregard that love and respect.   > If someone can convince me that stopping people from "Culturally Appropriating" would be a good thing in the fight against racism and brining people together I would consider my view changed.  Stopping people from just *blindly* dressing up or braiding hair or celebrating in lowbrow ways would be a good thing. If you study history, you learn why. There’s a tasteful way to celebrate a culture and ways that aren’t.    If you study history, you learn that blackface is very sensitive. That maybe Cinco de Mayo celebrations are just an excuse to drink Coronas and eat tacos. That making [soul food on MLK Day might be a step too far](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/local/MLK-Menu-Borgata-289173601.html).   For me, it’s a fine line and one that is built with respect and knowledge.   For my last example, I was in Poland and Polish musicians formed a trio and performed old school Klezmer music for many of the Jewish Americans I happened to be on a tour with. Most of the tourists cried and while some expressed and wished those were Jewish musicians playing klezmer, they were happy locals preserved the culture of the Pale of Settlement because they apparently nailed nuances and used some broken Yiddish to interact with the older crowd there.   Edit: Thanks everyone, perhaps I have cmv on dreadlocks! 

	Score: 127
		tea, as a tradition amongst european nobles, was first established in portugal and then introduced to britain by the queen catherine of braganza, wife of charles II. nowadays tea remains a cultural aspect of britain while in portugal it is just a not-so-popular drink.   portuguese came in contact with tea in China, since tea is chinese. the british were the ones who introduced the production of tea in india, for commercial purposes (to compete with china).  don't know where i'm going with this... things do change their meaning substantially throughout times. nowadays drinking tea in britain is also not a "high-class" thing anymore. it all depends on context. it is not really appropriation; it is not that the original meaning is misrepresented - it is actually changed. it should be seen separately from its original use entirely.

	Score: 117
		I haven't seen anyone mention that the problem is not necessarily wearing the Timbs, it's crossing to the other side of the street in those Timbs because there's a black person walking towards you.  The problem is not necessarily wearing a headdress, it's complaining to a Native American that it's not fair that "all" of their people get to go to school for free and get free money from casinos.  The problem is not necessarily wearing a sombrero, it's complaining about how all Mexicans are stealing our jobs and we need to build a wall to keep them out.  There is no respect and dignity given to the people who created the culture. They were criticized while wearing it decades and centuries before someone figured out how to stick it in the window of Urban Outfitters.

	Score: 117
		There are a lot of problems in the modern PC world that turn on questions of definition.  What is sexual assault, what is a micro-aggression, what is cultural appropriation, what is mansplaning.    All of these things have, broadly, three different definitions:  1.  The first is a relatively philosophically rigorous definition that permits us to talk about something that is problematic with specificity and drill down into why some particular behavior is happening and what we should do about it.  2.  The accessible non-academic definition of the phrase which loses a lot of the precision of the original but is pretty well the best that the general public would ever manage in terms of understanding.  The loss of precision here may, or may not, create significant challenges because it captures behavior that is not problematic and lumps it in with the problematic behavior that was meant to be identified in definition 1.  3.  The broadest possible definition either offered by opponents of the term as a parody of the idea, or by SJW's trying to expand some concept beyond any kind of rational bounds.  What you are describing as cultural appropriation is the third definition.  This is why you are havng so much trouble with it.  Even the things you exclude from your definition kind of miss the point of what it is supposed to be.  For example you exclude the deliberate racist parodying of people - a white person who dresses up for hallowween in black face carrying a watermellon and bottle of malt liquor for example.    Let me instead give you a hypothetical.  Imagine IF the origins of our modern christmas traditions came from a small group of pegans who were eventually all rounded up and killed by the inquisition as heretics.  However they had a tradition that focused on one day a year where they were supposed to look to others and provide charity to those in need.  It so happened that this day was close to the birthday of christ and so Christians took it up, but instead of giving charity to the needy gave gifts to their family and loved ones, and over time this trandition morphed into modern christmas - an orgy of consumerism and selfishness.  There is something... shitty about that isn't there?  That this belief system from a people who was wiped out is now being practiced in such a way that it insults the memory of the people who made it and were killed off by the people now doing it?    Really that's what the cultural appropriation thing is supposed to be about.  It isn't that some white girl who wears a headdress is being racist - she has no idea.  The issue is that society is calous and uncaring to how it would be so easy for a majority culture to enbrace, alter, and fundamentally change the meaning of, a practice of great cultural significance to a minority community.  But when you explain that to people they step away from the broader cultural dynamics and personalize it, and when you give it to SJW's who are just looking for something to be offended by you arm them with the ability to point to virtually any interaction between cultures and should "RACIST!"  Personally I don't think there is a fix to cultural appropriation.  I might instead call it a "Cultural Death Spiral" where as one culture becomes a minority and loses the power to promote, adapt, and share its own traditions and values and instead is being integrated into a larger more powerful and dynamic culture it is inevitable that the larger culture will start to be the driving force in cultural development and change.  This is part of the death spiral of integration where separate cultures turn into one culture by merging.  

	Score: 111
		Not the person you're replying to, but it's worth considering that they're not mutually exclusive. Racism has a lot of layers and is communicated in a lot of ways. Someone doing/wearing something associated from a culture outside their own who doesn't face any repercussions that a person from that culture might when they do the same thing feels like it falls somewhere on the spectrum of racism.

	Score: 105
		Yeah, but no one has asked people to stop "sharing culture".  If you think that the stars of an all-white popular literature all writing about "exotic settings" with fascinating alien cultures, was a way to "sharing culture", then as my above post shows, we have managed to have that right next to actual physical segregation.   That kind of "sharing culture" didn't really bring people together at all, it was just a way for white people to maintain their own cultural dominance, while segregated away from any authentic minority insights, and still get to enjoy the thrills of those cultures' trappings.   People who are  asking to end that, and have authentic environments tell their own people's stories, are asking for *the opposite of segregation*, they are asking for the literature field, along with others, be opened up to minorities who get to finally tell their own stories next to white people.    

	Score: 104
		Sharing culture as in, taking part and using culture. Not learning about it as an alien concept in a classroom. 

	Score: 103
		You can segregate *people*. You can't segregate cultures.   Even at the height of racial divisions in the 19th century, with Europe holding it's colonial empires, and the USA just ending slavery, and turning it into Jim Crow, while also creating it's first immigration control law specifically to expel "chinamen", there was an interaction between cultures. Even apart from mocking caricatures.   Orientalism was popular at the time. Negro spirituals were collected as idle curiosities. The Treasures of Africa were showed around in World Fairs, to amazed onlookers. People have always had a desire to learn about other cultures.  And all of that still ended up being super exploitative, and filtered through a white supremacist perspective, even without actively trying to be. People ate up Karl May's cowboys vs. indians adventure stories, and Kipling's portrayal of India, and various others using "exotic" settings.   There has never been a realistic threat, that if we are too nitpicky about this time not doing cultural interaction *that way*, but try to be more respectful, then suddenly we will manage to *invent cultural segregation*. Especially not in a time when *actual segregation of people* is illegal, and also gradually decreasing even in informal contexts.    

	Score: 99
		The thing is, that when it is a majority *taking and using* a culture for it's own means, that will end up being much closer to dissecting an alien concept, than to any kind of "sharing".   Black people getting to make movies from a black perspective, about black issues, like Get Out, to a moviegoer audience of both black and white people, right next to white creators providing their own interests and perspectives, is much closer to people "sharing culture" with each other, and with Hollywood getting desegregated, than just white people making blaxploitation movies, would be.   The latter is not sharing, it's taking. And people who say that the former is preferable to the latter, are not segregating anything, or opposed to "sharing culture", just to taking culture. 

	Score: 96
		Would a Catholic find it offensive to see Hindu children ‘playing communion’?  I think so.  Little children running around dressed as the pope or Jesus for Halloween?  Yep.  Some things have meanings that are sacred and it can be really rude to trivialize them.    Some people may shrug these things off.  But the power dynamic of a dominant culture taking something special from a less powerful culture is what we call cultural misappropriation.  A lot of it comes tied historically to atrocities committed against them.  Think totem poles used as decorations.

	Score: 85
		*I mean, I broadly agree with you, but let me take a shot at arguing the contrarian position.*  A common theme in accusations of cultural appropriation is that something that was holy and solemn in one culture has been misinterpreted into something that is frivolous and insulting to the original.  One of the best known examples is Hip Hop, which began as a response to racism and repression, only to be picked up by the white ruling class it was protesting and turned into a multi-billion dollar music industry based on celebrating consumption and how many bitches you got. (I don't know that much about hip hop, please don't sue me if I'm misunderstanding some bits.)  The point is that cultures which take inspiration from outside can end up in a real ugly spot where they have enough of the symbols/aesthetics of the other culture to be clearly referencing it, but with a new message which completely misunderstands the original.  Now, on it's own, this seems fine. It might be unpleasant for the original culture to have its holy symbols defiled, but the receiving culture does tend to grow as a result, and ultimately if you don't like it you don't have to watch. Anime often appropriate christian symbols and nobody really cares about that.  I think the issue here is more specific to American culture, and how all-powerful it is. This can be hard to appreciate if you've never been outside the US, but American cultural icons can be found **literally** everywhere. You can travel to the most remote village in the Himalayas, and people will still know about CocaCola and Superman. I was once watching a Vice documentary about a poor, besieged village in Yemen, and noticed that on the walls in the background was graffiti advertising Spiderman and Tom and Jerry.  With so much cultural heft behind it (not to mention billions of dollars in commercial interest) American culture which has been inspired by foreign/marginal cultures has the potential to loop right back round and smother the original in a sea of cheap, disrespectful knock-offs. Hip Hop has not just split into two different versions with different themes, it has been completely taken over by mainstream American culture. It's not just one culture taking inspiration from another, it's one culture *eating* the other.  In a way this still promotes inclusivity, but it's inclusivity through uniformity. Through everyone having the same blend of everything-mixed-together. Can we not aspire to a form of cultural inclusivity which preserves the diversity of culture as well? Or does diversity invariably require segregation to survive?   

	Score: 83
		I don't know a lot about hip hop, but if a white person is using a certain style that traditionally came from black culture, I can only see as a good thing and integrating. 

	Score: 81
		And to add to that, sometimes origins get lost.. yes that’s a shame, but that’s also life! History moves on, hopefully it’s documented somewhere but often times the world evolves and no one records the past.



CMV: Single toilet restrooms in restaurants that lock should not be gendered
=======================================

	Score: 2146
		If it's like the bars I used to hang out in during college, it's to prevent people from having sex in there.  If you see the wrong gender heading into a given rest room, the bouncers knew to go knocking.

	Score: 802
		I get it for pubs, but I'm talking about restaurants. People can sneak into any restroom to have sex. Most restaurants don't have bouncers. 

	Score: 486
		If two people want to have sex, do you honestly think they look at the signs and go, "oh, shit, no boys/girls allowed in here. Guess that means no sex..."

	Score: 398
		It's due to building codes for plumbing. The capacity of a building is used to determine how many bathrooms it must have, and half have to be for women, half for men. So a building with a capacity for 100 people has to design bathrooms assuming that 50 of those people will be men, 50 women.   The rise of the movement for women's suffrage coincides with the rise of indoor plumbing. As more women entered the public sphere, plumbing codes were enacted out of a concern for women's safety and privacy, which today are rightly considered antiquated.  So why not change the law? Many places have. In Washington DC it's illegal to have a single occupancy bathroom for a single gender. Some states have passed laws requiring two women's bathrooms for every one male bathroom, to combat those long lines. But it's hard to update building codes. Every time the code is updated, it does not apply to buildings and facilities built previously, but, if those buildings want to renovate, then the renovations have to be up to code. So every time the building code is updated, it makes it more expensive and difficult for businesses to renovate their facilities. So businesses pressure the government not to change building codes.

	Score: 394
		People notice when a guy sneaks into the ladies room or vice versa.  In a classier establishment, that also works as a deterrent.

	Score: 394
		Not for everyone, but its definitely a deterrent for many people.  It's not the signs, its the social stigma associated.  People care what other people think, and they don't want other people seeing them sneaking into or out of the opposite gender bathroom.  For many people, that is embarrassing, and it works as a deterrent.  People don't want to get caught.  Of course, some people actually get off on the idea of possibly getting caught, but that's a whole different story.

	Score: 356
		I wonder if they even think about it when they put in the signs. If I were building a restaurant I wouldn't think twice about putting in a men's restroom and a women's restroom. Although two unisex bathrooms makes more sense now I wouldn't have thought of it before. 

	Score: 223
		I know the owner of a trendy restaurant/bar that does this. A while back I asked what the point of this was. Beyond all the things already said (men are messier, smellier, quicker etc) they considered and implemented a few things.  - different lighting for women to do their makeup - different toiletries (important due to limited counters) - majority population is hetero and this reduced the chances of you walking out after a #2 to your date/a prospect walking into your stench - discourage couples from getting it on in the lavs   Edit: all right folks TIL women's bathrooms are as messy/messier than men's. Clearly I know nothing about the janitorial arts. I yield.

	Score: 203
		This is about single toilet bathrooms. These are toilets; not safe spaces. It is inconsiderate to others to do that when they are meant for one person. 

	Score: 201
		You'd be surprised what people will complain about...

	Score: 177
		> wondering if you've ever truly been in that situation, looked at the signs, and said, oh no we can't be doing that...  Here's the personal anecdote you're looking for:  I had sex in a public restroom once. We specifically went to a place that had a unisex restroom so that it wouldn't look suspicious when one of us snuck into the restroom for the opposite sex.

	Score: 142
		I could see that. You do it because everyone else does it. 

	Score: 116
		No, it's because I was out drinking last night (read my post) and went to bed. You know I'm not on here 24 hours a day, right?  Edit: also my CMV is about single toilet restrooms 

	Score: 115
		Can't believe no one brought this up but women use bathroom as social/safe spaces.  As a teen we'd spend the entire break in the bathroom chatting about Girly things (boy, periods,etc) and putting on make up. This behaviour is still what women do in clubs with the addition of using the bathroom to sit down cause those heels look awesome but your feet at killing you, passing out / being sick and needing to hide from your that creepy person eyeballing you all night.  Now this behaviour changes in full single occupancy (toilet +sink) vs the ones with a separate toilet and a communal sink area.  Thb I think the latter are a great solution as it still gives you the privacy to be sick/get away while cutting down on the more annoying social behaviour of just hanging out there and making the cues impossibly long! As much as a i love a good chat with my girlfriend, I am also a woman that hates having to wait for 20 minutes to pee cause two bimbos are chatting up a storm and being inconsiderate bitches.  Now do you think that we as humans are perfectly considerate of others and their needs, space and privacy? If yes then I can't change your view. I don't think that's the case yet so the need for a women's only safe/social space stands.  

	Score: 110
		It's also because restaurants are complaint-avoidant now more than ever. If 99 people like having two gender-neutral washrooms and 1 person goes on Yelp and one-stars them because of it then that's a net negative for the place.

	Score: 108
		This doesn't make a whole lot of sense though. Most single toilet restrooms in restaurants consist of a toilet and a sink (sometimes a urinal). You could totally cut the urinal and just have to identical bathrooms.  What does building codes have to do with just making two identical bathrooms and slapping male and female signs on the door?

	Score: 97
		Because women are fucking disgusting in the bathroom, I worked retail in college cleaning some of the public ones and the women's was ALWAYS worse. By a wide margin. And women take forever and men don't want to wait in those lines, deal with it.

	Score: 95
		Not here to CYV, but to agree.  I'm make. I go to a diner that has a one seater women's and a one seater men's. The doors lock. When the men's is locked, I use the women's. Ofc I raise seat and put it back down.  Was at a gas station. Line of women at ladies room. Walked right into men's room, no wait. Went in to find the door could be locked. When done told women it was empty and door had a lock. Only one from middle of line went in.  On an airplane, the doors lock. No gender signs on doors there.

	Score: 93
		Are you single by any chance? The reason I ask is that everyone that has gone through the relationship conveyor belt knows people (more women than men) hide bodily functions for quite a long time at the outset of a relationship. Yes we all fart, piss, poo but it's hardly getting things off on the right foot if I need to walk into her ass cloud on date one. It's like saying we all have private parts why bother with clothes?

	Score: 89
		If men don't wait in line, and women wait for 10 mins, you're condemning both men and women to wait in line for 5 mins. 



CMV: Transgender (specifically MtF) athletes have an unfair advantage in strength-based sports and should only be able to participate in their biological gender group.
=======================================

	Score: 1803
		Something about MtF hormone treatment that you may not be aware of: Before I went on HRT, I weighed 77 kg. A month later, I weighed 72kg. My body was analyzed with a fancy machine at the hospital, and they could tell me that this happened because I lost 6kg of muscle, and gained 1kg of fat.  When you go on proper HRT, your body just goes "Well, I guess we don't need any of this any more!", and a lot of your muscles go away. Since then, I've never been able to outcompete any man strength-wise. Hormone treatment should bring MtF trans people in line with the female mean.  **Edit:**  Oops, I made the mistake of weighing in on trans issues. I was just trying to bring in a perspective, rather than argue for any actual policy on transgender athletes. It seemed that the OP was not aware of the extent of the effects of HRT on muscle development, and I thought that providing my personal experience would be a good way to provide context and perspective on what happens to a body during such a transition. I am not trying to argue against the fact that trans women generally have different bodies from cis women, or arguing that my personal experience is evidence or the experience of all trans women. Rather than respond to every single comment in my inbox, I'll just say the folowing:  This topic comes up whenever a trans athlete performs highly in any sport. Many more compete, but fall short of the mark. This never makes the news, because "Trans woman finishes 59th in 107-person race" is not an attractive headline. Most sports organisations allow trans athletes to compete after a certain amount of time on HRT, but they still retain some characteristics of their birth sex. This much is uncontroversial. What we simply do not know, is if these *differences* between trans and cis people constitute an *advantage*. It's all well and good to theorize about bone density, but the evidence is simply lacking, and all sports are different. Given that, people generally fall into two camps:  1: Trans people should be allowed in gender-specific sports until it is proven their trans past gives them an unfair advantage.  2: Trans people should be disallowed from gender-specific sports until it is proven their trans past does not give them an unfair advantage.  Personally, I lean towards number 1, simply because it seems like the easiest way to get the evidence we currently lack. If trans people consistently outperform cis people in a sport, that seems like it could be cause for action. If they don't, I see no reason to ban them. The only way we know if trans people outperform cis people, though, is to let them compete. And then use statistics on the outcomes, and not gut feelings. That's my two cents.

	Score: 541
		I'm glad i'm able to actually communicate with somebody who has experienced it, is there anything stopping people from both taking testosterone while on hormonal therapy? 

	Score: 525
		OP, be aware that an imbalance can happen when a [female to male trans person is forced to compete against female athletes.](http://ktla.com/2017/02/24/transgender-high-school-wrestler-target-of-texas-lawsuit/)

	Score: 425
		Nothing is stopping you from, for example, taking estrogen, but not taking any testosterone blockers. This would cause you to have elevated testosterone levels compared to other women. However, I believe MtF athletes at the Olympics have to prove they're keeping their HRT regimen, and may be blood tested in a manner similar to doping tests.

	Score: 361
		Even if that's true, there are still literally thousands of other factors in play here that you can't just discount.  Men have a much higher bone density than women.  Men have much stronger joints and ligaments than women.  Men have a higher muscle-mass to body-mass ratio than women.  Men even have 15% more brain mass than women do.  It doesn't stop there.  Men have 56% greater lung volume per body mass than women do. Men also have larger hearts, 10% higher red blood cell count, higher hemoglobin, which contributes to greater oxygen-carrying capacity.  Before HRT, your upper body was 40-50% stronger pound-for-pound than most women, and your lower body was 30-40% stronger pound-for-pound.  And that's not even getting into the actual hormones themselves.  Even now, after HRT, you still have more testosterone in your system than even the most naturally testosterone-producing women.  Listen, I'm not getting into gender identity here.  This is just basic biology and science.  And the scientific fact is, you have a man's body. Whatever hormones you've taken, whatever surgery you've had, you have a man's body.  Your body has all of the developmental physiology that a man's body has.  Yes, HRT might shave off some of that, but it doesn't come anywhere *close* to putting you on the same level as a woman's body, which has gone through all of the physiological development that a woman's body goes through.  These are called facts.  This is called nature.  And nature doesn't care about your gender identity.  If you're a girl and you identify as a boy, guess what?  Osteoporosis doesn't care.  If you're a man and you identify as a woman, guess what?  Prostate cancer doesn't care.  You have, and will likely always have, a physical advantage over the majority of natural-born women.  This isn't a value thing or a judgment thing, this is a reality thing.

	Score: 268
		Cool, so I learned I can do this. I'm giving you a !delta because I had previously completely agreed with the OP; I was unaware of the fact that a)the hormone therapy done in transition has that complete of an effect and b)that the Olympics have a system in place regarding ensuring that MtF transitioning athletes are not abusing the transition for a step-up. I still believe the possibility exists for small differences at that level of competition as a result of natural sex, but my view has been changed as I previously assumed this would lead to an innately massive difference in maximum potential. [Here](https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/style/do-transgender-athletes-have-an-unfair-advantage-at-the-olympics/2016/08/05/08169676-5b50-11e6-9aee-8075993d73a2_story.html) is a source I found that confirmed what /u/Accipia said.  *tl;dr - agreed with OP, view was changed when I realized the 'maximum potential' differential that I had assumed would be there is hampered as a result of the chemical transition in addition to realizing the Olympics have methods in place to monitor possible abuse of this system*

	Score: 262
		I didn't mean to imply that the inverse wasn't true, you make a good point that reverse imbalance exists. Thank you! 

	Score: 205
		I am not sure what sport you play, but an Olympic level athlete is not the same as some random person. You are taking someone who has been playing their sport their whole life and now they have different hormones. Look at the ability in the WNBA vs the NBA or women's MMA vs mens MMA hell WPGA vs PGA. The differences are so vast, they do not look like professionals when put side by side.  Different hormone levels cannot be the only factor in the difference here. Also, in the case of MMA or wrestling, it is not weight or muscle. Take Ronda Rousey, she is 135lb UFC fighter. The top ten Men's 135lb fighters are objectively better than her. From an aesthetic standpoint and a tale of the tape standpoint, they are very similar. Are the differences exclusively because of hormones?

	Score: 200
		Are you also for restricting female atheletes who have conditions that cause their body to produce more male hormones, such as [hyperandrogenism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyperandrogenism)? Why or why not?

	Score: 185
		Well that's a medical condition they were born with and can't help having. Getting surgery to be transgender, even if you were uncomfortable in your skin, is still a voluntary choice you made. Dealing with the consequence of not being able to participate in the opposite gender's sports isn't that unreasonable I think; it legitimately is an unfair advantage.  EDIT: just to be clear, I'm not saying that gender dysphoria is something to be taken lightly, just that if there is an unfair advantage, then it should be rectified. I've looked into it more and seen that trans women's eligibility is actually very regulated in the Olympics; If there is no unfairness then I don't mind them competing.

	Score: 180
		I think it should boil down to: hormones. F to M is basically receiving a banned substance. M to F received this advantage During puberty and still does if they are pre-op. 

	Score: 163
		Here's the policy of the National Women's Hockey League.  It's common sense really.  They did have a FtM person (Harrison Browne) who retired this season.  As far as I know they have not yet had someone who who plays under the MtF connotation  >Eligibility Guidelines  >Considering the most up-to-date medical and expert information available at the time of the implementation of this policy, participation is open to:  >1. People designated female at birth, regardless of their gender identity.  >1.1 The athlete may not take testosterone hormone therapy. Athletes transitioning to male who undergo hormone therapy will be ineligible to compete.  >2. Those who transition from male to female are eligible to compete under the following conditions:  >2.1. The athlete has declared that her gender identity is female. The declaration cannot be changed, for sporting purposes, for a minimum of four years.  >2.2. The athlete must demonstrate that her total testosterone level in serum is within typical limits of women athletes.  >2.3. The athlete's total testosterone level in serum must remain in the typical range of women athletes throughout the period of desired eligibility to compete in the female category.  >2.4. Compliance with these conditions may be monitored by testing. In the event of non-compliance, the athlete’s eligibility in the league will be suspended for 12 months.  http://www.nwhl.zone/news_article/show/737895-complete-nwhl-transgender-policy-announced

	Score: 151
		>Well that's a medical condition they were born with and can't help having.  So is gender dysphoria.   > Getting surgery to be transgender, even if you were uncomfortable in your skin, is still a voluntary choice you made.  The same is true of pursuing treatment for any other medical condition. 

	Score: 127
		Source?  For literally any of that?  You can't just hand-wave things away and not provide concrete sources.  Even the source you provided isn't adequate.  It just says , quote:  > estrogen treatment decreased brain volumes of male-to-female subjects **towards** female proportions, while androgen treatment in female-to-male subjects increased total brain and hypothalamus volumes **towards** male proportions.  Not **to** female proportions, just **towards** it.  Where are the numbers, the hard scientific numbers for anything that you're claiming?  I'm not arguing that HRT changes the body.  But it doesn't turn you into a woman.  And it doesn't negate all of the physical advantages that men develop.  If you intend to prove me wrong, then provide sources and numbers, not just feelings and hand-waving.

	Score: 126
		You have way too much confidence for someone who knows nothing about this subject.  > Even now, after HRT, you still have more testosterone in your system than even the most naturally testosterone-producing women.  Trans women take testosterone blockers. Most have less T than cis women, sometimes none at all.  > [Stuff about bone density, joints, osteoporosis]  HRT decreases bone density for trans women and increases it for trans men.  > red blood cell count  This changes too, and so does overall blood volume. I'm a trans man, and I have more blood now. My hands and feet are veinier. It takes more alcohol to get me drunk.   > Men even have 15% more brain mass than women do.  Amazingly, [even this changes](http://www.eje-online.org/content/155/suppl_1/S107.abstract).  HRT completely transforms a body. Muscle, fat, bones, blood, body hair, brain, everything. Yes, a trans woman still has a prostate to worry about, but that's about the only thing you got right.

	Score: 112
		I don't see a comment on puberty yet, so I'll weigh in a bit.  > CMV: Transgender (specifically MtF) athletes have an unfair advantage in strength-based sports and should only be able to participate in their biological gender group.  There is absolutely no reason to believe that all transwomen athletes have an advantage over their female counterparts, as your assertion makes.  The defining biological trigger that gives males an advantage over females is the presence of high amounts of testosterone.  Testosterone changes the form of the body, bone density, and aids in the development and maintenance of muscle mass.  However pre-pubescent children do not have high quantities of testosterone. If a pre-pubescent transgirl speaks out about distress regarding their identity, they can be placed on puberty blockers prior to transition. In these cases, their 'first' puberty may be delayed, but there is absolutely no advantage being given to them by testosterone. These transwomen would then be able to compete on an "equal playing field."  Unfortunately, in this case, transwomen are in a position where, if they go through their male puberty, their bodies are effectively doping themselves for years, in regards to the various levels of testosterone. Since the effects of testosterone include irreversible differences (Such as bone density and skeletal shape), this does create a clear advantage.  Transmen, while outside of the scope of the CMV, face different issues, wherein their testosterone dosage is often higher than a male's natural production. Sports groups try to make efforts for appropriate inclusion, but transmen may be 'effectively doping' as well.  It's a complicated issue, but one that I believe needs to be analyzed on a case by case basis regarding past medical history, rather than just banning all transwomen from women's sports. Because a blanket ban simply lets buzzwords blind the decision without any regard for the reality of the various individual's situations.

	Score: 101
		...Here's a small list from studies:  Greater upper body strength (Lassck and Gaulin, 2009)  Faster sensory frame shifting (Cadieux, 2010) and reaction times (Der and Deary, 2006)   Faster mental rotation and spatial visualization (Voyer, 1995)  Thicker, stronger bones (Schoenau, 2001)      Other findings (there are many more):   Larger hearts and lungs  Higher basal metabolic rate   Taller and heavier bodies  Larger circulating blood volume and sweat capacity   Greater use of physical aggression and peak strength from that aggression

	Score: 97
		And if the treatment results in you dominating everyone else in the Olympic section you're competing in, then I can see why people would have a problem with it.  I'm not saying that gender dysphoria is a lesser issue; if hormone therapy can become/is advanced enough so that this isn't a problem , then I'm all for it. 

	Score: 96
		MTF don't lose advantages in skeletal build/density, lung capacity, or reach, and even loss or muscle mass doesn't mean their male strength advantages go away entirely. MTF is better than just being a woman on steroids, it's a complete body overhaul to be more athletically capable. The fact that a bunch of records just got "smashed" by an MTF isn't coincidence. The Olympic officials are human like anyone else, their word isn't infallible, and they aren't biologists. They are 100℅ wrong if they think an MTF transgender is athletically equivalent to a female at ANY point after transitioning.  The problem isn't for Trans people, it's for everyone else. Is it fair that biologically female athletes should be forced out of sports? They already need their own leagues/divisions because they can't compete with men, but they won't even have that if MTFs can join their leagues. Pro women's hockey players train against highschool men's teams, that's how great the divide is. Being MTF is such a huge advantage that teams would snap up as many as they could possibly handle. With the ratio of women's pro athletes compared to the population at large, there are enough MTF athletes to force women out of sports entirely.

	Score: 91
		"Ability classes" would still force women out of sports, unless you designed them in such a way that it was essentially a male/female division anyway.  The gulf between male and female athletes is much bigger than I think many people realize (depending on the sport obviously, but even in things like bowling and NASCAR men have advantages). For things like weightlifting and most major league mainstream sports, there's no comparison. [Women's weightlifting records are about 60-70% of those of the men.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_world_records_in_Olympic_weightlifting). Women's pro teams at hockey train against men's highschool teams. There's no comparison.  You may be operating under the mistaken idea that "men's" leagues for things like Basketball and baseball don't allow women, but they do. There are just literally zero examples of women who can compete at that level.  If you "grade" by ability, without such a steep drop between grades that it becomes men vs women anyway, there will be no women in any of the top groups. Moreover nobody will watch sports of ten different grades of sports league. The top one will be the only one with viewership, depriving women's sports of even the modest audience they have.



CMV: A man who didn't asked to be victimized, should not have his past brought into the public spotlight
=======================================

	Score: 519
		Can you clarify whether you simply believe it is unethical to release this story or if you believe it should somehow be made illegal to release such a story? 

	Score: 454
		I cannot think of a way to make this certain situation illegal, but maybe it can be classified as a form of harassment.

	Score: 415
		Though I do think it's in bad taste, there are *definitely* times where it makes sense. Remember that poor YouTuber who was kicked out of a plane for simply being Muslim? The fact that he has a long history of intentionally aggravating people on airplanes trying to get himself kicked out is incredibly relevant.   I think people's pasts can cast "controversial" stories in a new light. Though, in this case, it doesn't seem relevant to the case at hand. If, instead, he had a history of behaving violently and stubbornly for no reason, it *would* be relevant. 

	Score: 327
		I'm trying to understand what you actually believe should be done. I don't think your going to find much disagreement that this is a bad thing for a news organization to do. However, I would argue that just as with all of our freedoms we have to tolerate some bad things to maintain important freedoms, and I believe freedom of press is pretty important. 

	Score: 271
		Does this mean it's not OK to say that he's a doctor? The fact that he's a doctor could sway feelings just like the fact that he traded sex for drugs. 

	Score: 261
		Well there are some laws protecting people from this sort of thing but even putting that aside I'd rather cross the line from time to time then create some law that will allow the president, Congress, or some CEO to press charges against a newspaper because they don't like what the paper has presented. It's hard to imagine how much you can protect people from this sort of thing without allowing scumbsgs a loophole to be free from press scrutiny. 

	Score: 255
		Well, he openly admitted on the plane that he was a doctor and had to get home to his patients. I'm almost 100% sure that he didn't say "I exchanged drugs for sex!" on the plane though... 

	Score: 155
		I believe a freedom of press is important, but when is a piece of information crossing the line? Let me rephrase this: When is a piece of information that is put out to the public too detrimental to the person who is being targeted? Does that make more sense?

	Score: 148
		Agreed and your part at the end is important. His history doesn't corelate with the story at hand, and isn't important. But in other situations, the information is relevant, so we can't be hypocritical and not release certain information due to how we feel about the story. ∆ 

	Score: 143
		∆ This comment has helped me realize that it isn't necessarily easy to avoid this sort of issue, and freedom of press is important - and sometimes we need to take some bad things to get the good of press.

	Score: 110
		Then this article serves to help put his comments in perspective. He tried to use the fact that he's a doctor to make United bump someone 'less important' from the flight. I think many people would say there is a difference between a world renowned neurosurgeon flying somewhere to attempt to save a life and a disgraced doctor who has to work under certain restrictions and isn't flying somewhere to do a life saving intervention.   

	Score: 107
		You're right but the obvious question is why only when the man didn't "ask" to be victimized? Shouldn't all victims be granted this privacy and respect even if they did "ask" for it? And who asks for it??? No victim *asks* to "be victimized." What does that even mean to you? 

	Score: 91
		Mods, does OP award himself a delta in this case?

	Score: 88
		As much as I agree you're posting this man's full name, pictures of him, and a link to the article along with a description of its contents. You're giving context but the irony is unbelievable

	Score: 59
		I agree. With instances like this, I feel like including the record of the victims is crossing a line. However, at what point do you think talking about the past is unacceptable? And how would you go about making sure that the line is never crossed in journalism?  I also see the same practice happen in stories about police brutality, yet people (for the most part) don't see a problem with it. So why is publicizing the records of the doctors' malpractice different than publishing the arrest records of Mike Brown and other minorities who were shot and killed by police?  

	Score: 45
		It's already out there, and I'm using the article as an argument. Yes, it gives more publicity to the issue but sometimes publicity to the issue is essential to solve the issue.

	Score: 45
		Let me challenge your view then.   There is no piece of information so detrimental that, if true and reported accurately, should be banned from being able up be reported.    E: guys, you're not clever for misinterpreting this to mean all knowledge has to immediately become public. Privacy and a free press can still exist, just don't let private knowledge become public. If it does become public, then yeah, it's not off limits for publication.   Which, by the way, is already how it works in America and our country hasn't plummeted into eternal fire. 

	Score: 44
		The history here is pretty relevant if you get the whole story. Some "fake news" click bait type articles might be whittling it down to "and he was convicted of trading drugs for sex," but in full context it's all relevant.  He is being portrayed by many as this terrible victim who was dragged off the plane and injured in the process. However, there were other people who lost their seats involuntarily that when informed got up and left.  If you go into the details of this man's legal history he has had an increase in the restrictions on his license to practice medicine since first convicted because of refusing to comply with previous mandates. As part of that a psychiatrist working on his case has described him as a person who is not well adjusted socially.  You have to get into his legal history to get that. And the point there is that while most everyone would agree he was in a shit situation, maybe he wasn't acting like a reasonable person to say, "You're literally going to have to drag me off the plane by force." Maybe a reasonable person would have walked off the plane with verbal protest and then filed a civil suit for lost wages and any other damages, or pursued some other non-physical protest/complaint.  That's a reasonable question to ask since it isn't an entirely unique situation to get involuntarily bumped, and yet you don't routinely hear about passengers being dragged from planes by force. And that question becomes a little louder when you here his whole history of being described as not well adjusted. And if it wasn't reasonable to refuse to leave the plane unless force was used it changes United's culpability from, "Holy crap they're using force on passengers," to a much lesser, "Shitty airlines overbooking and not managing it well," which (if still shitty) is pretty different.  As /u/SeanACarlos said, "Everything is related." I might not go as far as to say everything in the universe, but in this case it's all related. 

	Score: 34
		So really your CMV when boiled down would be: "victims of a current event should never have their past brought up in relation to the current event"? Or, maybe,  "victims of a current event should never have their unrelated past brought up in relation to the current event"? 

	Score: 33
		Yes, I agree that all victims should be granted a sense of privacy. I think that it's horrible that a man who innocently purchased a plane ticket was targeted and his details/video of him being beaten was laid out to the public eye.



CMV: The military budget of the US is unnecessarily large, and the militaristic goals of the US can be achieved with less funding
=======================================

	Score: 3496
		Full disclosure: I'm in this field and have had a lot of experience seeing both the policy/logistical side of it that you don't see. I won't share any secrets obviously, but I'll try to get you as many details as you'd like.  >It is my view that the US can achieve their militaristic goals with a significantly reduced military budget. According to these numbers, the amount spent by one country approaches half of the world's total military expenditures. When you consider the percentage of GDP spent on military, the US at 3.3% is fairly average in spending, but with the astronomical margin in GDP between the US and the rest of the world, US military spending is miles beyond any other country and the disparity seems unnecessary.  The metric that the US spends more on their defense budget than other most other nations combined is an extremely superficial look at military spending and mostly pointless as a comparison of power.  Of course the US spends a lot more than China or Russia: there is a vastly different cost of living in the US versus those nations.  To actually understand where/how the US spends on its military, take a look at the [DOD Budget Request for 2018](http://comptroller.defense.gov/Portals/45/Documents/defbudget/fy2018/fy2018_Budget_Request_Overview_Book.pdf) and [Table 5.1 from the Government Publishing Office](https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/granule/BUDGET-2013-TAB/BUDGET-2013-TAB-5-1) for historical spending.  You'll see the actual budget breakdown:  * Military Wages - $141.7B * Operations and Maintenance - $223.3B * Procurement - $114.9B * Research and Development - $82.7B * Management - $2.1B * Military Construction - $8.4B * Family Housing - $1.4B * Overseas Contingency Operations (war funds) - $64.6B  That's right - 25% of the base (day to day non-war funds) budget of the DOD is spent on JUST wages (22% if we include funds spent for war operations). That's just military personnel wages - contractor wages fall under the other categories they get contracted for (e.g. maintenance contractors fall under Ops/Maintenance)  Why does this matter? Compare this to China, where [their soldiers are paid a tenth](http://english.chinamil.com.cn/news-channels/china-military-news/2015-01/19/content_6314553.htm) of what the US pays its soldiers. Or South Korea, a first world nation with conscription, which pay its soldiers [$100 a month](http://www.rokdrop.net/2017/06/south-korean-conscripts-receive-a-pay-raise-now-make-99-a-month/).   If the US paid its personnel what the Chinese do, we'd save nearly $130 billion overnight!  Obviously that's not feasible in an all-volunteer military in the West, nor does that nominal spending tell us anything about actual military capability.  This goes beyond just wages: every aspect of spending is affected.  Military equipment isn't sold on the open market. China and Russia are largely barred from buying Western military equipment. Likewise, Western nations don't buy from China or Russia for obvious reasons.  End result? Chinese/Russian equipment is made by Chinese/Russian domestic arms manufacturers (like MiGs), employing Chinese/Russian workers, at Chinese/Russian wages.   This is how Russia can sell the [Su-34, a fighter-bomber converted from an air superiority fighter,](http://www.upi.com/Business_News/Security-Industry/2008/01/14/Russia-producing-new-Su-34-bombers/UPI-74801200352690/) for $36 million an aircraft in 2008, while the US equivalent - the F-15E Strike Eagle, also a fighter-bomber converted from an air superiority fighter - [cost $108 million a plane in 2006](https://www.defense-aerospace.com/dae/articles/communiques/FighterCostFinalJuly06.pdf).  Does costing 3x as much automatically mean the Eagle is 3x better? No, you can't figure that out strictly by cost. You must look at the levels of training, support, capabilities, etc. and a whole confluence of quantitative and qualitative factors to know who is actually better.  Moreover, we have to look at what we in the country want to do. It's easy to say Iraq was a mistake or that we should get out of the Middle East. However, most people [are very supportive of NATO](http://news.gallup.com/poll/204071/americans-support-nato-alliance.aspx), want to maintain our alliance with [South Korea](http://news.gallup.com/poll/161630/americans-say-aid-south-korea-attacked.aspx) and Japan, and in turn many nations in the world [expect the US to come to their defense](https://www.stripes.com/news/gallup-poll-south-koreans-confident-about-us-support-japan-uncertain-1.445289#.WcDAh9OGMk8). And a [huge chunk of the world prefers the US to back them in case of conflict](https://i.imgur.com/c3RJ8Ny.png)  Inevitably people say "but the US has 11 aircraft carriers and thousands more planes than the next nation! That's a huge disparity!" But the *what we want to do* answers a lot of that: we want to be involved in world affairs in Europe and Asia/Pacific. What good are commitments if we can't bring our forces to those parts of the world? If Australia needs help, what good is our word if we can't actually sail the ships and move the planes we need to there? Hence we have a large force of air transports, aerial refueling tankers, carriers, and bases overseas and we have enough to *sustain* them (equipment gets put into routine maintenance to last).  [More than half of US troops overseas](http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2017/08/22/u-s-active-duty-military-presence-overseas-is-at-its-smallest-in-decades/) are stationed in JUST 4 countries: Japan, Germany, South Korea, and Italy. We have defense treaties with all 4 of them. 3 of those 4 nations happen to be the defeated Axis foes of WW2. There's some history there.  That's the thing: military spending isn't as haphazardly put together as people think. [The National Security Strategy](http://nssarchive.us/) of the US is put out by presidential administrations which outlines their major foreign policy goals. During the Cold War, the military policy was straightforward: win two major wars at the same time, believed to mean beating the Soviets in Europe and China/North Korea in Asia.  When the Cold War ended, Pres. Clinton revised this to 'win-hold-win': win one major war, hold the line in another, then win that one when the first one concludes. The military resized accordingly: it went from 3 million active duty and reserve to 2.1 million. That same proportion of cuts was felt widely across the board: the US aircraft carrier fleet, for instance, went from no fewer than 15 in any given year in the Cold War and was phased out to the 11 we have today.  But spending isn't just about today's operations. Note that procurement and R&D make up a big chunk of spending, and that's because we're not just looking at today or yesterday's threats, but tomorrow's too (no, we can't simply wait to innovate as we did in WW2 - weapons and the nature of warfare are too complex to wait until hostilities start to develop. I can go into excruciating detail on this)  China isn't static. It might not care about a blue water navy right now (it has few distant overseas interests), but that's changing rapidly: it just opened its first [overseas base in Djibouti](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/08/china-opens-overseas-base-djibouti-170801104040586.html). April 2017, it launched its [second aircraft carrier](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/26/china-launches-second-aircraft-carrier-that-is-first-built-at-home) and has not only a third but also a [FOURTH aircraft carrier under construction](https://www.upi.com/Report-China-building-fourth-aircraft-carrier-at-Dalian-shipyard/9341495552864/). The balance of power today is NOT the balance of power in a decade.  Spending differences also ignore that the US is committed to far more than any other nation in the world. The US, a two-ocean country, is **simultaneously** committed to both Europe (through NATO) AND Asia (through treaties with South Korea and Japan as well as Australia). That makes us unique in comparison to a UK or France, which is focused almost entirely on only Europe and its backyard.  And simultaneous is no joke: the US getting involved in a crisis with Russia in Europe doesn't absolve us from fighting alongside South Korea if North Korea decides to go to war.  The US has goals that other rivals don't care about. Let's see, what do we the US people demand?  * Commitment to NATO and our allies in Asia across two vast oceans (thus we need the equipment to get us there) * Commitment to winning wars (dominance in conventional warfare) * Care that our weapons are precise (so we don't kill the wrong people) * Care that our soldier's lives aren't needlessly wasted (hence the best training and equipment)  Look at [how much a US soldier costs to equip today](https://i.imgur.com/SmVmdhq.jpg). These are inflation adjusted: our troops carry equipment with costs 100x more than a US soldier was equipped in WW2. Meanwhile, only 1 US soldier is killed today for every 8.3 wounded, compared to WW2, where it was 1 for every 2.4 wounded. Cost wise, each soldier costs a lot more to equip, but how much would you spend to make sure 3-4x as many live?  Compare that to China or Russia, who don't care as much about collateral damage, can conscript people to serve, and don't need to answer to their populace the way our nation does. Yeah, it might cost a bit more money for us to achieve all that  Thus, if you are looking at spending differences without accounting for costs of living, production costs, and prioritization of spending (the US spends 16-19% of DOD budget on procurement; China is estimated at 30-35% per SIPRI), you're not seeing the full picture: China and Russia are a LOT closer to the US than most people realize (they've spent all their money modernizing their forces with a focus on confronting the US, while the US has a lot of legacy equipment leftover to maintain and years wasted fighting low tech foes).   **Part TWO below**  edit: thanks for the gold!

	Score: 1507
		**PART TWO here**  Now, to address the rest of your post more directly.  >Taken from their wiki the purpose of the US Army is...  Wikipedia isn't the best source for what the mission of the US Army is, when it is [easily found on their official website](https://www.army.mil/info/organization/):  >The U.S. Army’s mission is to fight and win our Nation’s wars by providing prompt, sustained land dominance across the full range of military operations and spectrum of conflict in support of combatant commanders. We do this by:  >* Executing Title 10 and Title 32 United States Code directives, to include organizing, equipping, and training forces for the conduct of prompt and sustained combat operations on land. >* Accomplishing missions assigned by the President, Secretary of Defense and combatant commanders, and Transforming for the future.  It wants to fight and win wars. It has to be able to do so promptly (meaning, enough forces ready/active), have sustained (meaning it has the numbers and logistics to actually carry out operations for more than a day or two) land dominance (self explanatory), across the full range of operations and capabilities (meaning it isn't focused solely on one or a couple things, like the Germans being focused solely on tanks, or the Brits during the Cold War being primarily solely on anti-submarine naval warfare).  Its missions as assigned are as outlined in the National Security Strategy and ordered by the Secretary of Defense via annual budget requests that sustain what the Army needs today and what it needs to become the Army we need tomorrow.  In addition, I think you're forgetting that the US military is more than just the Army: the Navy/Marines and Air Force all exist, and they each share a nearly equal share of the pie.  Take for instance, the Navy's [official mission](http://www.navy.mil/navydata/organization/org-top.asp):  >The mission of the Navy is to maintain, train and equip combat-ready Naval forces capable of winning wars, deterring aggression and maintaining freedom of the seas.  Maintenance of existing fleets costs money. Training costs money. Equipping and sustaining combat-ready ships aren't free.  And this doesn't require just to be spent during times of war: Deterring aggression and maintaining freedom of the seas is a daily activity around the world.  Lets do a mental exercise here really quick as to the reach of the US, from a Navy perspective. Let's say we start on the West Coast of the US: from here, we go west, and find the US Navy in Pearl Harbor. You have a fleet stationed out of Japan that is specifically focused on being ready for North Korea. You have US Navy ships in the South China Sea making sure China and its neighbors don't get too hostile. You have our ships in the Straits of Malacca, one of the most important and busiest trading routes in the world. Go further west, and you have ships off Pakistan supporting operations in Afghanistan. You have ships in the Persian Gulf, deterring any attempts by Iran or any other country to close the Straits of Hormuz, a vital sea route for oil the world uses. Likewise, the Red Sea has a US presence to ensure access to the Suez Canal is kept. Anti-piracy operations in Somalia are on going still. The US has a presence in the Mediterranean, both against ISIS in Syria and supporting the government of Libya as well.  Now in the north Atlantic, the US has forces in the Baltics and near the British Isles in support of NATO.  Finally, we go all the way west and now to the East Coast of the United States, where Navy warships were sent down to help aid in relief for both Hurricane Harvey and Irma to include search and rescue and evacuation.  How much do you think a military that can do all that, TODAY, at the same time, costs or should cost? Especially one that you want to actually dominate your enemies in, not merely achieve parity (stalemates are bloody affairs. See: Western Front of WWI, Eastern Front of WWII)  Finally, I'd like to put it this way.  The US is the only Western nation with the demographics (population size and age), political will, technological capacity, and economic ability to challenge a surging China or resurgent Russia (which inherited the might of the Soviet Union to build off of) on the world stage.  How many Americans would change their tone on military spending if China or Russia were calling the shots on world issues? On spreading their views on governance or human rights? Or if the balance of power shifted so much that more nations decided it was time for them to get nuclear weapons too (imagine Saudi Arabia getting nukes...)?  Out of those top 3 nations, I can damn well tell you who we want to be the clear #1.  ---  edit: since I've been asked, I want to make it clear that I don't really care one way or another if budgets end up being cut, staying put, or growing. What the US needs is to make clear what it wants to do in the world (be it international commitments, treaties, what our balance of power is with rival nations, etc.) and then pay for it appropriately.  Ask any active duty service member if the US military, despite all that funding, is overstretched, overworked, undermanned, etc. and damn near everyone will say yes. The recent collisions of US destroyers in the Pacific highlights a lot of deficiencies that have come about in recent years because of reduced training, maintenance, and manning (in order to save money) without a commensurate reduction in commitments (in fact, they've gone up).  Nothing saps morale and welfare like being told you're deploying again in a year, instead of in two years, because the military isn't being permitted to bring in more people due to political pressure - but then those same politicians want you to show the flag, to fight ISIS, to deter North Korea, to deter Russia... all at the same time.  And that's why I feel like all the talk about cutting waste and bloat rings hollow to so many service members: because that doesn't solve the *why* they're being overstretched, overworked, undermanned, etc. and instead highlights that people are still focused primarily on saving money first without consideration for the people and what they're doing in the world

	Score: 834
		∆  You changed my view with your explanation and demonstration of how cost disparity can be (partially) described as a result of economic situations like cost of living. 

	Score: 796
		I'm finding that my issue here is really one of geopolitics and there's a lot more for me to learn about the world and history if I'm going to have a satisfactory understanding of the global situation.   Thanks for your in depth response. 

	Score: 424
		>...there's a lot more for me to learn about the world and history if I'm going to have a satisfactory understanding of the situation.  If only more people could have as much self-awareness as you've just displayed, we'd all be a lot better off.

	Score: 246
		Wouldn't it be grand if politicians explained US policy reasoning as honestly and specifically as /u/GTFErinyes

	Score: 153
		>Those goals can be achieved with substantially less military funding. CMV.  Do you have any specific areas where you think less should be spent?  It would make things a lot easier to discuss.  For instance, Obama already downgraded the size of the forces and removed the ability for the US to fight two wars simultaneously.  That huge GDP you talk about is largely dependant upon the global economy.  Unrest or war in trading partners will impact American citizens.  So, China believes that they have a right to Asia-Pacific, and grudges with Japan (from WWII) and Taiwan (for existing).  Without a force that would give them pause, there's little question that they would take more aggressive action, at least in disputed islands.  Russia has clearly shown themselves to have an appetite to reclaim the Soviet empire.  Guess what keeps them in check?    The US doesn't want to be at the mercy of coalition building to protect our global interests.  If China were to move against Taiwan or Japan, there is no one that could help in a timely fashion, and it's doubtful that Europe would be all that interested in helping.  The other thing to consider is why the US spends so much.  Part of it is that we don't want to be dependant upon other nations for military supplies - so everything is manufactured in the US - a much pricier proposition.    Our soldiers are more expensive than non-European nations.  Perhaps more importantly, we have a low tolerance for losses.  So, while, say, North Korea or China's militaries view soldiers as cannon fodder, the US has highly trained, absurdly well equipped soldiers.  In most cases, US soldiers should be able to eliminate quite a few enemies for every loss. (Or, a high K/D ratio for you gamers).  It isn't cheap, but it's what tolerable to the public.  So, given all of this, what should we cut and why?

	Score: 144
		Can't fit that in 10 second soundbyte or a 140 character tweet though.   Funny thing is, all this stuff gets published for public consumption (like National Security Strategy, DOD Budget Request, etc.) but no one knows about it. Goes to show how little politicians, the media, and the general populace care to be informed which is sad

	Score: 125
		I came into this thread interested to see what the arguments would be against slashing military spending and didn't expect to have my view changed. But I liked the in-depth response as to why slashing military spending wouldn't be as good an idea as we say it is. I think I understand the issue more thanks to this response. !delta

	Score: 93
		∆.  You have not changed my view that the military budget of the US is too high.  You have however done an excellent job of explaining why the military costs are so high, and made me realize that we cannot simply make overnight cuts.

	Score: 92
		I was gonna say, Reddit's overall feel is generally the exact opposite of what OP has just displayed. I really appreciate his sentiment of wanting to learn more. They just call it evil imperialism and move on. I even had a guy recently tell me that he can't wait to finish his engineering degree (in the US of course, lol) so that he can go HELP NORTH KOREA take the US out. What.

	Score: 73
		∆  this summation made me finally understand the military budget. I was always up for slashing military funding before. But now I know why its a bad idea.

	Score: 72
		RnD ends up being paid back into the American Economy.....Where do you think the internet you are using came from??

	Score: 63
		This is not the kind of thing that the news media "would report if they only had the time". They had plenty of time before Trump, but didn't report it, despite the situation not having changed at all.   I think you haven't given a lot of thought to the incentive structure of the news media.

	Score: 58
		Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/GTFErinyes ([28∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/GTFErinyes)).  ^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards) [​](HTTP://DB3PARAMSSTART {   "comment": "This is hidden text for DB3 to parse. Please contact the author of DB3 if you see this",   "issues": {},   "parentUserName": "GTFErinyes" } DB3PARAMSEND)

	Score: 55
		> this summation made me finally understand the military budget. I was always up for slashing military funding before. But now I know why its a bad idea.  Don't get me wrong here - cuts can certainly happen and arguably are needed in some areas.  But they must be done wisely, not haphazardly (or to prove a political point, like Ted Cruz did with sequestration), not politically (like cut things here or spend things there simply because my constituents want to make a statement) and be commensurate with the foreign policy goals of the US.  If we want to meddle in the Middle East, fine, but don't cut corners on spending to make it happen. Likewise, if we want to refocus on China and Russia but don't want to spend more money, then we need to stop diverting our attention to the Middle East and other areas less important compared to those two

	Score: 53
		Holy shit, you changed my opinion on so many things. I'm a Canadian by birth, American by marriage, and Korean by ancestry and I've often wondered about the necessity of America's military might. 

	Score: 52
		Yeah R&D is probably one of the most important aspects of the millitaries effect on society. Pretty much most of the tech that makes up the late 20th and early 21st century was a part of the DARPA program designed for research.   As for personnel the reason its so high is we pay our people a liveable wage. Would you prefer us NOT to pay our soldiers a living wage?  Even operations are pretty much vital. The thing is this all pays back into our own economy. Cutting those things would pretty much kill our nation's economy.

	Score: 49
		> Why do you believe that other countries would not rise to deal with these issues themselves if we were not the first to intervene?  Other countries do rise too - its just that the only ones that have the economic or demographic capacity to do so, on a global scale, are Russia and China - two nations that we disagree heavily on in geopolitical strategy, human rights, interests, etc.  >How long can we sustain the current situation where we babysit entire regions on the other side of the planet with our military dominance?  We've been doing it since the end of WW2.  [Since the end of WW2](https://www.cfr.org/content/publications/July2014/009_national_defense_1928.png), % of GDP in terms of military spending (and as a % of federal budgeting, for that matter) have only seen a long term slide from the post-WW2 peak of 16% during the Korean War.  Hell, during the 1960's, the US was at 8% of GDP and over 50% of the federal budget while simultaneously involved in Vietnam, the Cold War, and in major domestic projects of the Great Society. For instance, [in 1969](https://www.usgovernmentspending.com/year_spending_1969USbn_17bs2n_1000304020#usgs302), 51.5% of the entire US federal budget was on defense. That's the same year we went to the Moon and launched ARPANET (the predecessor of the Internet) - great accomplishments despite being knee deep in the Cold War and Vietnam. In contrast, we are at [21% of the federal budget](http://www.usgovernmentspending.com/year_spending_2016USbn_17bs2n_1000304020#usgs302) today.  And in what way do you think the US today is doing more than it did in the past? I feel like so much of this is perception due to mass media. Much like people think crime is higher than ever before (when in reality it is at its lowest in decades), I think media perception is skewing people's realities.  Did you know, that with fewer than 200,000 troops overseas, [this is the lowest number of US troops stationed overseas since before WW2](http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2017/08/22/u-s-active-duty-military-presence-overseas-is-at-its-smallest-in-decades/).  In fact, the four nations with the most troops overseas are Japan (38,000), Germany (34,000), South Korea (25,000), and Italy (12,000). (Afghanistan even has fewer US troops than Italy.)  We have mutual defense treaties with all 4 of those countries. And oh, by the way, three of those 4 nations were the Axis foes we vanquished in WW2... think there might be some history as to why our troops are in those nations in particular.  And I brought up 200,000 too for another reason: [from the early 1950's through 1992](http://www.heritage.org/sites/default/files/~/media/images/reports/chart5_1.jpg), no fewer than 200,000 (yes, two hundred THOUSAND) US troops were deployed in West Germany every single year.  We did it for four decades while sustaining massive economic growth and quality of life. If your issue is whether we can sustain it - we aren't even close to what we've already done before.  edit: words

	Score: 39
		> Are the military leaders aware that we're spending a lot right now in a rising national debt environment? Are we digging our own grave here?  I think the military is quite aware. Keep in mind, that every DOD budget request of the past few years has been less than what the President and Congress have requested: Obama did it in [2015](https://www.stripes.com/news/us/ignoring-caps-obama-proposes-big-boost-in-defense-spending-1.327265#.WMsrGPnytPY) asking for a $50 billion boost over caps. Trump asking for $50 billion more didn't shock me - Congress removing the cap and increasing it further, however, was a bit surprising.  In addition, the military has put a lot of focus, especially in recent years, on cutting out excesses. Congress, however, is their boss and has been problematic: not just in ordering more than requested, but also meddling in affairs (like Congress refusing to allow the Air Force to retire the A-10, meaning extra costs are incurred).  In addition, the military has repeatedly asked for BRAC: Base Realignment and Closure. In the last days of the Cold War and during the 90s and early 2000's, the military went through rounds of BRAC in which bases were identified to be closed/consolidated to save money and reduce overlap/redundancy.  But Congress has mostly stopped that in recent years: too many jobs being lost in too many constituencies (military bases are big economic drivers in many areas).  I can go on and on about how Congress has meddled and micromanaged to the detriment of the military along with the debt  >Is there any way to use that money that we're spending on the military to boost the general economy and not JUST the defense industry? So if we're spending $700 billion per year, I'd like to see some of that improve GDP (and it may already, I'm not sure), is that possible?  Lots of that improves the GDP. Those wages go to Americans who spend money mostly in the US. Those contracts don't just go to corporations shareholders but to every subcontractor, researcher, etc.  that works on anything related to defense.  Hell, the military is involved in a lot of things: from space (the military spends [2x as much on space](https://i.imgur.com/nYssM5x.jpg) as NASA does) to medicine ([including paying for a lot of research to fight ebola and HIV](https://www.hivresearch.org/ebola-studies)).  Even university research [gets scholarships awarded](https://www.defense.gov/News/News-Releases/News-Release-View/Article/1151939/defense-department-awards-163-million-in-university-research-funding/) to include [more than 60% of DOD 6.1 basic research](https://www.aau.edu/sites/default/files/AAU%20Files/Key%20Issues/Budget%20%26%20Appropriations/FY17/DOD-1-pager-final-version.pdf) covering over 350 institutions totally over $2.5 billion. That's a lot of grad students being covered  GPS, for instance, was entirely researched, developed, maintained, operated, and is currently being upgraded [by the DOD](http://www.gps.gov/governance/agencies/defense/) free of cost to any consumer in the world with a GPS chip. GPS has a pretty big role that plays in modern economics and business and what not.  I think you'd be hard pressed to find a daily aspect of modern life/technology that isn't in someway connected to the military. 



CMV: We should be able to fire and even arrest politicians midterm, if they are caught telling blatant lies or acting against public interests. Losing votes in the next elections is not enough. Election promises should be binding.
=======================================

	Score: 1098
		>Election promises should be binding.  I agreed with most of what you said right up until here.  When you vote for a candidate in a democracy, you are not just simply forwarding a set of policies. You are voting for a *person*. People can change their minds.   Consider that many (all pretty much) governments keep secrets. So lets say Polititian Jane Doe of the StopWarNow! Party runs on the election promise of stopping a war. She gets in office and is briefed on classified information for exactly why it is important for this war to continue. Should Jane Doe execute a knowingly bad decision, given this new information?  Also consider how difficult this will be to enforce. Politicians will simply come up with clever ways of wording their... 'promises'  >"If elected, I will build a border wall"  becomes   >"I think we should build a border wall"  or  >"Building a border wall is a good idea"

	Score: 208
		It doesn't stop there, there are even more problems. What if the politician attempts to fulfill the promise, but fails. Now I know what you're thinking, but hang on. In the political process, generally success/fail isn't so binary. You try to get a bill passed and fail, doesn't mean you tried your hardest or you can't try again.   So politician X promises to support bill, intentionally halfasses it. How do you prove that?? You can't.  Of course you could say the solution to this is to make promises more specific, but this just degrades their value. A politician could go on record to say "I promise to **try** and stop poverty". Of course they know that's basically impossible but promising to try sounds noble right? Then you'll just get promise pissing contests with candidates promising to attempt pie-in-the-sky shit that inspires people even though behind the scenes it is 100% politically impossible (note: this already happens).  >She publicly announces she is revoking her earlier promise of stopping the war unconditionally, because of new classified information she has received, but cannot disclose to her voters due to nation's security.   But why the reason?? What if the person simply changed their view? (We are on /r/changemyview after all...). Is that not acceptable? Do politicians have to be 100% immutable for their full term?  Ultimately you'll find political promises are actually a very small part of what makes people want to vote. Just ask the people who voted this election. Why did you vote Trump? "Because he says it like it is" Why'd ya vote Johnson? "Because he believes in smaller government" etc. Politicians aren't just about promises and policies, they're about people and ideas.

	Score: 126
		Good point. But what any specific person/politician works for can be misrepresented to get more votes.   Let's say that election promises are binding. Politicians can make binding lists of goals they vow to pursue. Some politicians decide not to make these lists, but (ideally) are publicly sneered for not committing to the ideas they are speaking for, and lose votes.   Jane Doe makes a formal commitment to stop war. Gets classified information that changes her view on the war. She publicly announces she is revoking her earlier promise of stopping the war unconditionally, because of new classified information she has received, but cannot disclose this info to her voters due to nation's security.  She apologizes, and another member of the parliament/security council confirms that yes, Jane Doe has received and read new pieces of classified information (so she is not making it up just to back away).   Then comes the question. Should there be a reason for war that is so secret/classified that the public should not know of it for any reason? I think not, but maybe that is another debate entirely. 

	Score: 116
		It's extremely difficult to determine when a politician is actually breaking an election promise.   What if a politician promises to support one thing, but finds out he can't possibly win on that issue because he doesn't have enough support from other politicians, and winds up voting for an omnibus bill that includes five hundred different things, one of which sells out the thing he promised to support?   What if he tries to do what he said and then finds out that the only way he can get enough votes to pass anything is if he compromises on it?   What if he votes for a bill that seems to contradict his promise but actually the bill contains a rider that changes how a lot of other politicians will vote, so by supporting this bill he's actually undermining it? The opposite can happen as well.   What if he's faced with an omnibus bill that supports some promises but breaks others?  Legislative procedure is complicated. 

	Score: 60
		>Let's say a politician makes a promise that he intends to half-ass. He still has to give his voters some data of what he has done to fulfill his promises   But the problem is that this doesn't actually change anything. As long as liar politician can technically escape *legal* repercussions than its just politics. There will be some pundit article about it and that'll be the end of it. Ultimately what you are trying to do is add *legal* accountability are you not?  You've acknowledged the following:  * Not everything they say that is 'promise-like' is actually legally binding * People who change their views (or say they did) can revoke the promise * Your proposal won't stop fake or half-assed promises  So I must ask, what exactly do you think your policy is going to achieve? A clever politician (read: all of them) can carefully form their pseudo-promises and real-promises to accomplish legal immunity and a good campaign simultaneously.   Imo, all this would do is give the career politicians more ammunition against amateurs who don't know how to work the system.

	Score: 42
		These are all good points. Sometimes real politics is hard to get to pass, and you need to consider that too. ∆

	Score: 40
		So Trump was elected with promises such ad locking Hillary Clinton away for her emails, building a wall along the US-Mexico border (with Mexico paying for it), and to ban Muslim immigrants "until [this situation] is figured out"  Should he be put in jail because these aren't happening? No.  These aren't happening because Congress, various federal judges around the nation, and the DoJ acknowledge these promises are stupid and are refusing to cooperate.  What if politician tells lies to do something that helps people? Think of Frabk Underwood in House of Cards who lies and cheats in order to pass America Works. The Bill helps a lot of people, but he did lie to get there.  Not to mention you tie the hands of people in power by making them be under oath 24/7. If they cannot rescind offers and negotiate effectively then they are unable to do their jobs because every time they say something, every time they bluff or even make a lie of omission they have to worry about getting thrown in jail.

	Score: 40
		>"This law does not stop all the murders, it only reduces them by 20%. We should not make this law."  No you misunderstand. I assert that your policy will be ineffective in its entirety.  Why? Because politicians will still make promises off the record. And many of the promises they *do* put on the record will be nebulous and difficult to prosecute when they inevitably half-ass it.  Your argument is based on the assertion that people will actually look in detail at what they say on the record vs pseudo-promises they make off the record, but if actual elections are anything to go by, that is not how politics works. Take trump for example. Obviously we don't have an official promise record like you suggest but Trump was widely accepted to have frequently made contradictory promises, ridiculous claims, etc. And yet, he's our president.   You see you're missing the critical check-and-balance of your policy. Yeah candidates will have some level of obligation to fulfill the promises they put on record. But if nobody actually cares what they put there then they can just half-ass the official promise record for those that do care, and suffer no real political repercussions. 

	Score: 36
		True, what I am proposing wouldn't stop politicians for half-assing their campaign promises. But it would be, I think, an improvement to current situation. It won't solve all the problems, but step towards the right direction.   Let's say a politician makes a promise that he intends to half-ass. He still has to give his voters some data of what he has done to fulfill his promises (sat in X number of meetings, talked with Y head of department about this, met Z number of industry specialists, made this many law drafts and repeals and so on. Not everything needs to be disclosed, least not critical details but at least some broad strokes of efforts). Public can draw their own conclusions if he half-assed or not. And now he has to at least seem like he is working for it, so maybe actually working on it is less of a trouble for him.   If Jane Doe changes her view, just like that, for no reason, hmm, then maybe just the public revoking of the promise and whatever comes from that. Hmm, you got me here, have a delta. ∆  Politics are also about ideals and it's perfectly fine to vote because of those too. But lying to your voters comes to play here too. Let's say someone votes Mike because he is pro-life. Then Mike goes to vote for all abortion/pro-choice laws. Shouldn't he at least somewhat be held accountable to those people who voted him into office based on his pro-life view?   Maybe a voter can "devote" if the person he voted doesn't meet his standards. The amount of devotes would be shown in the next election season. This doesn't really change the problem, just pushes it to the next elections, which I mentioned I don't prefer, but if the overall theme is that politicians should be more accountable, then it's a step towards the right direction. 

	Score: 34
		1. Your suggestion encourages populism. Having a safe seat for a while means a politician can vote for what's right, not for what's popular, for a while (e.g. for a necessary compromise that his constituency would not approve). There are necessary things (like budget cuts) that cannot be done politically in an election year, that get postponed until after elections for that reason, and your proposal would just keep the populist pressure on.  2. Most politicians are part of a party; a party has a track record, and they *will* expel anyone who strays from it too far. If you see a politician making promises that are incompatible with their party line too much, you can expect that they will not have the political clout to actually implement them. (If they had, they would have changed the party line first. These discussions take years, you can see the shift happening.) They may actually personally want to implement them, but winning the election may still not haven given them enough clout to achieve that. Example: Trump still needs to get past congress (and the legal system = congress again) with his major undertakings (-> ACA repeal).

	Score: 27
		What I don't understand is this is already what we do now. Independent news organizations (and even ones that receive government funding) already compile lists of political promises and say whether they did it/semi did it/failed. For example you can find articles that were posted at the end of Obama's tenure and just now the first 100 days of Trump.   All you'd end up doing is 'officializing' it, and making it government funded. Frankly I think that'll make it even easier to game. By strategically making official/unofficial promises, you'd be able to artificially increase your promises kept at no cost.

	Score: 22
		> True, what I am proposing wouldn't stop politicians for half-assing their campaign promises. But it would be, I think, an improvement to current situation. It won't solve all the problems, but step towards the right direction.  I agree with you that this is a very serious problem, but perhaps we could rephrase your issue this way:  "Politicians are not representing the people who voted for them.  They make promises so as to get in office, and then they serve their donors instead."  So how about we get money out of politics, and then the politicians have to serve *you*, the voter.  They would have no *incentive* to do anything other than serve you.  Right now, the incentive is to serve the donor, not the voter.

	Score: 18
		> If Trump tries to realize his promises but some outside force (congress, judges) stop him, then he is given a pass, I think. He tried.   At this point, what you're proposing loses all strength. If they're let off the hook for trying, it doesn't take a lot to give the appearance of trying. If he campaigns on replacing Obamacare with something better, but he doesn't really want to, he could just formulate some extremely shitty healthcare plan he knows no one will vote on. It'll fail, then he'll say he tried, and he's off the hook. The same could be said of almost any legislation and thus any promise.  

	Score: 14
		I'll take the same issue everyone else is.  > Election promises should be binding.  No, they shouldn't! New information arises all the time and getting anything done in a democracy is difficult. People with opposing viewpoints are constantly trying to stop your policies and politicians need to be flexible in order to accomodate changes in the political climate. Some of your desired reforms are bound to fail.  Being a politician is *not* a fun job, which people seem to forget. If we want responsible people to run for public office, we can't vilify politicians for being human and occasionally fallible. 

	Score: 14
		What about if you and I disagree about what 'acting against the public interest' entails? 

	Score: 12
		Many others are talking about why practically this is a bad idea. I want to talk about more abstractly/structurally why it is a bad idea.  How long do they have to prove themselves before it is considered a lie? Politics is a hard, long-game process. A politician doesn't have the chance to act on all promises right away, and in many cases needs to build steam and allies initially. So we could say... how about 2 years for a house rep to make good, 4 years for a president to touch on all their promises. The senate is tricky business.  Now the more important question. Who is in charge of deciding when a promise has been broken, or when something said is a lie, rather than a misrepresentation, or poorly understood, or said before all the facts are in. Who gets to remove the politician?  The congress? Well, that power already exists. Impeachment. All this just gives the party in power in congress and out of power in the whitehouse extra encouragement to do tons of hearings and gives the party controlling both branches no incentive to do anything about it... why would they want that bad press.  How about the judiciary? They tend to judge truth. That's kinda their thing. But now you have put an unelected group of people in charge of all the elected officials in the government. You've given those appointing judges even more incentive to appoint hardcore judges that align with their side. And you've upset a fundamental check and balance balance in the constitution.  What about the army? Well, then you've basically just written a mechanism for a literal coup into law.   How about the executive. They get things done. But now you again have upset the balance of power by giving the sitting president a way to jail political opponents, often for failing to enact legislation that the president themselves has likely been working to prevent. And you have put the executive in charge of watching the person who runs the executive branch.  So how about the people. That makes sense. Its a democracy. So lets have a referundum that checks whether the politician has kept their promises once they've had the agreed upon window to get things done. 2 years for reps, 4 years for a president.  But, you say, a democratic president that breaks their promises might be appealing to republicans and vice versa. So better, before that referundum (we'll call it an election) you have a chance for those most impacted, those who actually voted for the official in the first place to decide if that person gets to run again. We'll call that a primary.  And you arrive back at the idea that a democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others.

	Score: 12
		There is difference between doing unpopular choices and lying about what you come to do. I agree that politicians sometimes have to make hard choices, and that's okay. Then brand yourself as a politician who makes hard choices, and don't make campaign promises that dilute those stances.   If you don't specifically promise that "no budget cuts to X", then no problem. If you say "no budget cuts to X", people vote you in and then continue to vote for those budget cuts, that's a problem. But like I've said in other posts, there might be situations where it's okay to change your stance on election promises. Don't know if this is one.   If you cannot implement something, because it is against party line, do not make a binding promise about it. 

	Score: 11
		Going to jail would not be the first result for not keeping promises. It would be last, I think. Formal warnings and such come first.  EDIT: And maybe from intentional, continuing lying you would just lose your position, max.   If Trump tries to realize his promises but some outside force (congress, judges) stop him, then he is given a pass, I think. He tried.  If he makes this binding agreement/promise to try to lock up Hillary for her actions, but gives up this as soon as he comes to power, without trying, that is different. I do not condone locking up Hillary, by the way.   And maybe it wasn't clear but I am talking about lying to the voters, to the public. If you need to sweet talk or convince your fellow politicians to vote for your bill, like Frank Underwood does, that's okay for me.   But if you say to your voters that this bill does A, when in fact it does B or -A, then you should be punished, if it can be proven that you were aware of this. How this can be proven, that might be more complicated.  EDIT: Or maybe not punished, but at least the bill gets revoked or something. 

	Score: 11
		This is practically a field of study and you shouldn't be asking for someone to begin a discussion on this in a subthread in reddit at the entry level

	Score: 11
		"It's truly very simple"  "Let's just remove all rights to property"  The right to property is one of the most fundamental aspects of the Constitution. We don't even deprive criminals of that.   This really comes off as some not-really-thought-out hippie dippie stuff.



CMV: Transgender people should disclose they are transgender before engaging in physically intimate acts with another person.
=======================================

	Score: 1049
		> But the transgender thing just feels different to me and I'm having trouble articulating exactly why.  Because, at some level, you don't see trans people as "really" how they identify. That's pretty much always what it is, and you more or less say it outright.  Not that that's necessarily your fault - you live in a culture that is only just coming around to this issue. While it'd be great if you could just change how you felt, it isn't always that easy, so sometimes you'll have shitty emotional responses to things on which you've changed your mind intellectually.  It's kind of a hard issue to respond to, because I basically think you're being shitty here but in an understandable way I don't want to be too harsh on. It's the difference between moral ideals and the practical standards we apply to human beings just trying to get through the day. So while I *am* a woman, and presenting myself as such is *not* 'tricking' anyone, I can understand why and how you feel that way and I don't think you're some sort of ogre for it. Does that make sense? I think this issue basically just gets solved by generational turnover where the next generation or two gets more comfortable with the idea, in the same way that, say, a lot of people today probably have leftover racist attitudes they can't help but feel but aren't passing on because they know those views suck.  > I think there is something fundamental about being gay/bi/straight and you are being deceitful by not disclosing your actual sex.  My boyfriend is a straight guy. I am a trans woman. He doesn't become not straight because he likes me, because his romantic and sexual attraction to me is as the woman that I am.  -----  On a practical level, though, virtually all trans people disclose to their romantic and sexual partners early on. I'm in a pretty small minority in even thinking it's not a moral duty to do so (though I still do for purely practical reasons). In a poll I ran on /r/asktransgender a few years back, more than 70% said they had a moral duty to disclose and another 20-some said they did so even though they didn't feel a moral responsibility for it. Polls are noisy, especially on frequently-trolled subs like /r/asktransgender, so even the 5% who said they didn't should be taken with an *extreme* grain of salt (that's smaller, for example, than the % of people who say Nazis are pretty cool or that lizard people rule the earth).

	Score: 917
		> Yes, but, on some level, a trans person isn't really how they identify, right? The person still has a biological sex that isn't the same as their gender.  Most aspects of physical sex are changed in a fully transitioned trans person, though. At a minimum, they're changed to a degree that puts a trans person on par with a variety of intersex conditions that no one thinks disqualifies someone for being a "real" man or woman.   I've been on hormones now for three and a half years. If you look at my blood, it's a woman's blood - and if you were a doctor looking at it expecting a man's blood, you'd think I was in horrible health (which has actually happened to me; my labs run under my old name come back with a ton of "this shit ain't normal" markers). The same goes for my skin, my breasts, my internal organs. I'm vulnerable to the diseases other women are (I had gallstones, which predominantly affect women, last year; in old age I'll need regular breast cancer screenings like any other woman does). I likely have a woman's extended lifespan (eunuchs do, anyway - modern transition treatments are new enough it's hard to say if we do). And while it's less tangible, hormones have had some effect on my feelings and thoughts, too. I "get" other women in a way I didn't before, and guys make less sense to me than they used to.  Transition isn't just the cosmetic treatment you seem to think. It is very much a remaking of your body from the inside out in ways that are very difficult to articulate to someone who's never been through it. As an analogy: when you hit puberty and grew up, was that *just* growing hair in weird places? Or did you change in some deep and intangible ways as a person?  It's true that some aspects of sex don't change, but those aspects aren't as critical as you probably think. For example, there's at least one documented case of a lady with a Y chromosome [giving birth](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2190741/).

	Score: 882
		Yes, but, on some level, a trans person *isn't* really how they identify, right?  The person still has a biological sex that isn't the same as their gender.  Just like someone with died red hair isn't actually a redhead, at least not biologically.  I appreciate you not thinking I'm a dick even though you find my view grotesque.  On one hand, I don't see the difference between not disclosing trans status and not disclosing other types of plastic surgery/died hair.  But I just have a weird gut reaction about it, which, like you said, is probably just a product of my conditioning.  It's funny, because, now that I think about it, a trans woman is probably more a woman than a person with died red hair is a redhead since being a woman is the trans person's fundamental identity and possibly a result of having a "woman's brain" whereas a person with died red hair probably just likes the way it looks (i.e. as far as I know there is no difference between a "brunette brain" and a "redhead brain").

	Score: 636
		This is really interesting, thank you!  I've seen you post elsewhere in this forum and you've always given really good explanations.  I'm awarding you a ∆ because I think you've helped me understand why I see died hair differently than trans -- because I've been conditioned that way and people should always question their conditioning where it doesn't logically make sense.

	Score: 255
		> and people should always question their conditioning where it doesn't logically make sense.  In an ideal world, yeah. Practically speaking, though, all I'd ask is that you remember that it doesn't and try not to perpetuate it. No one has time in the day to deal with *every* problematic notion in their heads.

	Score: 226
		> if you are attracted to someone, how are they not respecting your preferences?   Suppose you were a vegetarian and I served you a soup that was made with beef stock.  Would that be okay so long as you *liked* the soup?

	Score: 172
		> You are not respecting my sexual preferences  if you are attracted to someone, how are they not respecting your preferences? doing whatever you end up doing with them *is* based on your preferences, they aren't forcing you to do anything, right?  > I think there is something fundamental about being gay/bi/straight and you are being deceitful by not disclosing your actual sex.  the problem here seems to be that, in this scenario, you are attracted to someone, who you think you shouldn't be attracted to. i don't think that's something you can blame the other person for. if it's really important to you that the other person was born biologically female, even though you're attracted to her anyway, you should just ask.  why should it be the responsibility of all trans people to disclose their transness, if people who are worried about that can just ask?  ----  i think your own counter arguments (colored hair, plastic surgery) are pretty good, so i don't have much more to say. 

	Score: 172
		> Would it be an inappropriate reaction for the guy to say, "sorry, I'm not into penises" and stop? Or would that be similar to a guy hooking up with a woman only to find out she's had a double mastectomy and say, "sorry, I'm not into breastless women" and stop?  Both of those scenarios are perfectly acceptable. There are clearly varying degrees of tact and sensitivity involved, but it's never inappropriate to stop having sex if you are no longer interested in having sex.

	Score: 146
		> In a hypothetical sci-fi/fantasy situation where a trans person had their bodies truly/perfectly sex-switched, so there were literally no differences between their new body and that of others of that sex, how would you feel? At that point there is no "actual sex", just the memories of once having a different body. To me it seems pretty clear that there should be no real need for disclosure in that kind of situation. It seems like a largely irrelevant personal detail of the trans' person.  Weird, this did the opposite for me. It made me realize that I would still have an issue with someone not disclosing that. My sexual preference is someone who has been a girl all their life. A sexual preference is more than just a body. 

	Score: 140
		Lol the majority of this argument is equivalent to arguing that a infertile woman owes you that information prior to sex. Yes, I agree that infertility is fundamental to share with a long-term partner, but in no way is it information you are owed before casual sex.

	Score: 139
		If you were attracted to a cisgender woman, then discovered she had suffered genital disfigurement due to injury or illness (including congenital conditions she may have been born with), or if she had been a victim of genital mutilation, would it be rude to peace out?  It would depend on how you did it. Some people just wouldn't be able to handle having sex with a woman who had suffered severe genital disfigurement or loss.  But for the love of god, if you can't handle the situation, at least excuse yourself tactfully. Don't claim she "deceived" you for not informing you of this incredibly private medical condition immediately after you met, or even immediately after you started dating. Don't react with disgust. Don't treat her like less of a woman because of her medical condition. Don't blame her for your inability to cope with a situation she has no choice but to live with. Accept and admit that it is *your* limitations that make you unable to continue a relationship with her, understand that she may be hurt and angry about it and this is understandable, and bow out as kindly and gracefully as you can.  And I hope it goes without saying, you absolutely should not inform anyone else of the private medical information she has shared with you.

	Score: 130
		I believe it's up to the individual person to decide for themselves what boundaries are important, and how important -- i.e., what's an "overreaction".  I think many many people would feel the same way I do about this issue.

	Score: 126
		While these things are interesting, personally I would feel violated, and would pursue rape charges, if I'd had sex with someone who had not disclosed their natal sex to me and had made an effort to conceal it.

	Score: 124
		I'm curious how you would respond to someone who says they're only romantically/sexually interested in people who were born biologically female/male. I totally understand how a guy can still be perfectly straight and date a transwoman, but perhaps there is another version of straight that requires a biological female/male and not someone who has transitioned. We have such a laundry list of sexual/romantic identities, so can this type of "biological straightness" really be considered "shitty" if the other sexual identities are accepted?  A common argument for the pro-trans/gay/bi is that they dont control who they are or who they're attracted to. I consider biological straightness to be of the same category. People cant necessarily decide they can ever be attracted to a transperson so how can that unattraction be considered shitty?   Sorry I rambled there, but hopefully I got the point across. I'll probably edit fur concision/clarity anyways. 

	Score: 114
		>But I'm having a lot of trouble analogizing this. If I'm exclusively attracted to redheads, and I have sex with you because you have red hair, but I later find out you colored your hair and are actually brunette, that doesn't seem like a big deal. I don't think you should be required to tell me you died your hair before we make out.   Just to help you with a more proper analogy:  I have known wom**e**n who thought that a proper form of birth control is to stand up after sex and start jumping up and down.   If I asked any of them before sex if they got some sort of birth control and they said yes, and then watched them jump up and down like idiots, I would be very cross indeed.  Then there's religious idiots I know of at least *two* different religions, who don't even believe in STIs. Or rather, that they believe that being a devout and believer in your God is all you need, and STIs are something God sends to sinners.   So imagine catching chlamydia or gonorrhea or syphilis from such a person, because they think it's their right to believe what they want about the world and they just tell you they're completely clean.  Even better, imagine being 21 and having sex with a girl who told you is 18 or 19, only to find out she's 16 a couple of days later.  "But I *feel* 19!" is not gonna get you out of jail.   "But I am a devout practitioner of my religion!" is not going to take back the STIs you contracted.   "But look how high I jumped!" is not going to pay for day care or baby clothes.    I know people who expect to have children with their life mate. Biologically tied to their own DNA. They have problems with marrying sterile women. And if we can respect that as a society, and we can tell that Lady A should have told Steve she's barren beforehand before filling him with hopes and dreams of starting a family with him, why shouldn't we say the same for Lady B who was born in a male body and is therefore also unable to have children?

	Score: 103
		You may prefer redheads and attractive women but you are probably not disgusted with having relations with a blond or brunette or even an a somewhat unattractive women, but you are probably disgusted with having relations with a male.   If you prefer thin redheads, but if a slightly curvy blonde offered free sex, you're not like to turn that down no? If you're only attracted to women and a man offered you a blow job, I don't know about you, but me personally, no thank you.

	Score: 89
		> Say, I'm attracted to woman, you appear to be a woman, but then I discover you have a penis. Would it be rude of me to peace out?  Not that poster, but the short answer is "no".  The longer answer is "no, because that's a material change in your attraction to a person and not a suppression of an attraction that otherwise exists, but maybe you should consider that it's not a 100% dealbreaker even if you are straight".

	Score: 87
		∆ Because you made a great point about sexual preferences.  If I am attracted to you, you fit within my sexual preference, even if I don't know that you are biologically a different sex.  I wonder your view on if the person is not fully transitioned.  Say, I'm attracted to woman, you appear to be a woman, but then I discover you have a penis.  Would it be rude of me to peace out?  Do I have any sort of moral obligation to continue?  Is it any different from a woman taking off her shirt and I find out she's had a double mastectomy and my attraction was, at least in part, based on her having big boobs?

	Score: 87
		No, I posted this more as just a way to learn more -- it's not something I have any specific fears about.  I'm a married, faithful guy and even before I got married I only slept with women with whom I was in long term relationships.  But, remember, my position was only that disclosure should happen before physical intimacy -- I never said you have to share your medical records as soon as a guy chats you up.    It wouldn't distress me in any way if I found you attractive, but I do understand why it's none of my business if you decide not to tell me just because we had a conversation and I expressed attraction to you.

	Score: 83
		In a hypothetical sci-fi/fantasy situation where a trans person had their bodies truly/perfectly sex-switched, so there were literally no differences between their new body and that of others of that sex, how would you feel? At that point there is no "actual sex", just the memories of once having a different body. To me it seems pretty clear that there should be no real need for disclosure in that kind of situation. It seems like a largely irrelevant personal detail of the trans' person.  If you agree, then I think your issue is just a matter of "quality of operation", that is how close post-op transgender bodies are to their target sexes. In that case I think its somewhat reasonable to have varying preferences, given the current state of technology (although from what I know it can get quite close). That's just something that would change in the future, not really something intrinsic to transness.  If you don't agree, then why? What's the relevant detail of a trans person's mental state that would matter w.r.t. having sex with them?



CMV: Safe spaces are unhealthy because college students need to stop hiding from views that upset them.
=======================================

	Score: 2960
		>How will students possibly transition into the real world if they cannot have a simple discussion without their opinion being challenged?  I've only ever needed a safe space for one thing. This happened to be a thing about which my opinion was challenged daily, where I second guessed myself constantly, and where I wrestled with what the right path to move forward was based on the facts of the matter and the values I held. This was my sexuality, specifically the fact that I'm gay.  I'll assume you're straight, for the sake of argument. I can assure you I've spent far, far more time thinking about the morality and social implications of being gay than you ever have, if you are. I've argued with people both in real life and on the internet about misconceptions surrounding homosexuality, about facts about homosexuality, about the morality of homosexuality. I go out of my way to seek people who disagree with me on this and other issues, because I enjoy arguing, debating, and discussing. (I've got a number of deltas and a post history on this sub to back me up on this.) It would be silly to suggest I can't have a discussion with my opinion being challenged when I routinely do it for fun.  And I needed that safe space.  Let me clarify, first. When I talk about a "safe space," I'm talking about them in their original conception, which is basically a club room or a specific person you can go to without fear of being judged on a certain subject. (Well, the original *original* conception has strong ties in particular with women's issues and LGBT issues, but I feel this is close enough to count.) It is not a blank check to avoid ever thinking about things that disturb you. It is not an echo chamber where everyone automatically agrees with everything you say. It is a place where you go when you feel the whole world against you and you need one goddamn place where you don't have to second guess yourself.   Safe spaces are not for opinions which are shared by the vast majority of people. Safe spaces are for opinions where you risk shame, humiliation, and emotional pain by expressing them. It takes courage to express those ideas. And while it's a laudable goal to get everyone to have this courage, it's unfair to require it of people who have been facing this challenge every day of their lives.  It might be hard to appreciate if you've never actually had an issue which really requires a safe space. I'll continue using the example of sexuality to illustrate. In 2016, it might ring a little less true because the tide of opinion has shifted so much. So imagine a less welcoming place than the modern Western world- most of Asia, for example. There, there's still a significant social stigma attached with being gay, and you risk social ostracization by coming out. (And for the sake of accuracy, I will write this from a purely male perspective, because I'm not 100% how similar the lesbian one is.) Imagine that, for example, you slowly start to realize around adolescence that you're not exactly normal. You see a lot about romance on TV, and you have since you were a kid. You see the male leads pair up with the female leads, you see plot lines that focus on the bond between couples, you see people talk about how wonderful nature is that it came up with male and female to complement each other.  Your friends talk about sex. They talk about what girls they like, which celebrities are the hottest, which teachers they have inappropriate crushes on. And you sort of nod along and convince yourself you get it, because you're supposed to, until one day you go, *huh. Wait a minute...*  You might have noticed that you had more in common with who the girls thought were hot than the guys. You might have noticed that the porn video your best friend secretly sent you didn't really do anything for you, although you faked it the best you could. If anything, you realize you were more interested in the *guy*, and *oh fuck no.*  You know what being gay is. You also know that you've heard a politician or a pastor on TV say that being gay is unnatural, a sin, a perversion. You know that your friends at school call each other gay, jokingly, as an insult. You know that telling a guy to suck your dick is the height of teen wit, that being fucked in the ass means humiliation. Comedians tell jokes where the punchline is being gay, and that people actually laugh at it. You have a vague idea that being gay means being less of a man, somehow, even though you probably can't articulate it and don't understand it.   And you start to feel disconnected. Are you going to have a wife? Are you going to have kids? What are you supposed to do, if you're not attracted to girls? All your life, you've been told that men are supposed to be with women- so if you don't feel that way, what does that make you? It makes you nervous. It makes you scared. You know there are gay celebrities, somewhere, that there's gay culture, somewhere, but you're a teenager, and you were shy to start with, and having this dropped on you doesn't exactly make you more outgoing. So you just... hide.  You build up an act, so no one finds out. You pretend to like girls; you might even date one. You jerk off, quietly, while your parents are asleep, and you fantasize about porn stars, or if you're especially unlucky, friends you know will never return the favor and will be disgusted if they find out. Nobody at your school is "out," except that weirdly flamboyant kid in band. You stay away from him; he makes you feel uncomfortable. He makes you feel unsafe.   You do this for years. Privately, quietly, you do research, and you build up opinions. You start questioning what you've been told; you see the rare, few shows which feature gay people in any fashion that aren't completely stereotypes (or even ones that do- even if they're made fun of, even if they're comical, at least they still have friends who know and don't leave), and it gives you a little bit of hope. But at home, at school, it just doesn't feel safe. There's a risk, too much of a risk, that it'll just blow up in your face. You can imagine the looks of disgust. You can see the disappointment in your parents' eyes. So you bottle it up, and feel lonelier, and lonelier.  And when you go to college, you find out there's a place where they say, "no judgment." They list a lot of things they don't judge. They have that neat little rainbow thing you've seen, or the purple triangle. And you go, *huh*...  There is a legitimate purpose for safe spaces. They exist precisely because the world it not safe. An oak tree might survive a brushfire. A seedling won't. College is a place where you challenge, yes, but you also nurture. And you can't nurture someone who is too scared, too hurt, too cautious, especially when all of their other experiences have told them it's right to be that way.   Safe spaces aren't places you're supposed to hang around forever. They're there to get you on your feet. To challenge an opinion, you need to be secure enough to express it first. And you'll never do that if you're scared you'll get crushed every time you talk. 

	Score: 945
		Okay you have me sold man. Honestly I don't know if safe spaces are always (or even mostly) used the way you described, but if they stay true to what you have described I feel that they have their place, but not in a classroom situation. 

	Score: 395
		College student here - this is what safe spaces are. 99% of what you've heard is likely people who have no real grasp on what "safe spaces" entail. They're there to provide solace and support for people going through shit, not to squash dialogue. I'm "lucky" - straight, white cisgender male from a very tolerant, upper-middle-class background - but the spaces have been there for friends figuring out how to come out to virulently homophobic parents, friends recovering from sexual assault, friends wrestling with all kinds of demons. "Safe spaces" as I take it you understand them really don't exist - what OP is talking about in his (incredibly moving) post are the ones that are prevalent.

	Score: 375
		Oh, I'd absolutely agree that a classroom shouldn't be a safe space (except maybe in very specific circumstances, when they're advertised as such, and there shouldn't be many of them). There definitely need to be places where you views are explicitly challenged too. I will note that as far as I know, safe spaces are much more in line with what I've described than with what people who object to safe spaces think they are.   I'm glad you found what I said helpful.

	Score: 230
		From the sidebar:  > If you have acknowledged/hinted that your view has changed in some way, please award a delta. ▾  

	Score: 210
		>are either becoming more prevalent **or are given more attention by the media.**  I feel you don't lend enough credence to the latter possibility. The media thrives on controversy.

	Score: 162
		You're entire view is a big fat strawman. The notion of a safe space is not some intellectual lockbox where only the prevailing viewpoint is allowed to be discussed.  Safe spaces are specific locations and times where certain groups can meet and hold discussions without fear of outsiders interrupting, belittling experiences, mocking, or in general being dicks. Alcoholics Anonymous, for instance, is a safe space. You are not welcome to walk in and offer people whisky or call the attendees weak willed or whatever. Similarly, a club for African Americans might have expectations that students do not walk in and say that, for instance, black males are to blame for police shootings, or that perceived microaggressions are just some form of victim complex, *regardless of whatever justification or statistics one might have*.  A classroom (the school grounds in general) is *not* a safe space. You still don't have the right to *harass* others, but opinions are debatable and facts are interpretable.  Safe spaces don't occur in, or apply to, the academic environment, where views should be challenged, twisted, and strengthened as much as possible. They occur in extracurricular environments.

	Score: 123
		> This is closer to my original view. I guess I just thought all safe spaces were meant for extremists so their opinions would not be challenged  Yeah, safe spaces were created for what nikoberg implied.     A place that allows marginalized people or vulnerable people to become themselves without being destroyed.         You probably think that it's a thing to isolate people who don't want their opinions challenged because that is the straw man that is presented all over the place.   You see it in the media and all over the internet to vilify liberals, millennials, or "social justice warriors" depending on the agenda of who is bringing forth the critique.         Generally if something exists and the reason for it existing sounds completely nuts, and you only know about it from people who are critical of the idea, dig a bit deeper.   There's likely a rational reason for it to exist.  (or at least rational from the point of view of the participants).   

	Score: 120
		I can't give you a delta because I've never been against safe spaces but holy shit dude, that is an incredibly well written defense. I think most people who are against safe spaces don't really understand what they're for (or even what they are) and just rage against the idea that people are avoiding having their precious feelings hurt. Obviously untrue, and especially kind of stupid if you realize that lots of things could be considered "safe spaces" (such as church), even though they're not classified as such. 

	Score: 108
		Isn't /r/user/nikoberg 's argument a Red Herring? They are kind of redefining what people mean by "safe space" then supporting that idealization with supporting evidence, which is hard to disagree with.   Generally speaking, when I hear people invoking this right to a "safe space", it means physically or verbally removing people from an area (usually on campus) so a group of like-minded activists can chant, rant, and rave without any opposition. Something like the [Mizzou protests](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRlRAyulN4o). Melissa Click is the "headline" here, but really it's the entire rally that revolved around bullying/threatening reporters or opposition attempting to cover/counter-protest.  

	Score: 105
		!Delta  I agree with your original post, about why you need a safe space. When i think of safe space, I think of how colleges will silence opinions/views that they think students will be hurt by (not physically). That, I think, is counterproductive. But what you were saying about clubs/groups where you can speak freely without being judged or attacked is definitely needed.   Colleges need to stop sheltering students from views that they don't agree with but also allow a space for students to gather in clubs/groups where they can speak freely without feeling like they are being judged. I just don't think that space should be in the classroom/curriculum. 

	Score: 84
		My conception of 'safe spaces' is the exact same as yours. What /u/nikoberg is describing is undoubtedly necessary and important, but I think you two are talking about two different things. Private clubs/rooms where like-minded people can open up (like an AA meeting) should definitely be safe spaces. Think of an AA meeting. Obviously you should feel like an AA meeting is a safe space.  But the college campus in general? The classroom? Hell no. You shouldn't be subjected to harassment or bullying, certainly, but you also shouldn't have to censor your opinions for fear of hurt feelings.

	Score: 82
		A lot of the discussion on safe spaces has no basis in reality. It's kind of like how there was that huge clusterfuck over all the Christians being angry about the red Starbucks cups, when in reality there weren't any outraged Christians to speak of.  Safe spaces in real life aren't anything like what the sensationalized media makes them out to be. In reality, most campus safe space policies are just to keep hellfire and brimstone fundamentalist baptist preachers from harassing students with megaphones while they're trying to study.

	Score: 79
		It seems like you've picked something you believe you can claim to objectively correct on and unfairly extrapolated that to say that most safe spaces are places where you sit around denying facts. That's not really the point of a safe space. Is it possible that ends up being the effect? Sure, but I don't think it's common, and it's certainly not intended.  If I were to design a safe space for obese individuals, it would not focus on the health aspects of obesity, but the social aspects. It would be a place where, for example, any attitude towards obesity remotely resembling those found on /r/fatpeoplehate would be banned with extreme prejudice. Do you think most obese people don't realize the health implications of obesity? If a safe space was needed, it would be because obese individuals need a break from the moralizing tone that goes along with weight loss advice, the assumption that all obese people are just lazy idiots who don't have willpower, the annoyance of seeing obese people as nothing more than punchlines to a joke, and so on.   I will note: it's entirely possible the safe space might go, "and don't bring up the fact that being fat is bad for your health. It's super depressing, doesn't do anything for our self esteem, and we get enough of that elsewhere." But the point of that isn't to deny objective facts, especially when those objective facts can be found elsewhere, and are in fact shoved in front of you every day. The point is to provide a break so that you can get the strength to face those objective facts outside of the safe space.   What you're saying is sort of like saying you can't listen to "Firework" by Katy Perry because you should always face the reality that you're statistically mediocre and will never "own the night like the Fourth of July." Yeah, everyone who's not exceptionally talented, deep down, knows that they won't suddenly start to dazzle the world with their talent, that sometimes failures don't lead to new beginnings, and that there's a good chance the future will be worse than the past. But damn, life tells you that every day. Do you think it's wrong to listen to something that makes you feel better and gets you motivated because it doesn't throw the truth in your face?  The problem doesn't lie in having a place where you don't have to face hard facts. The problem is if you always deny them. And you and OP both seem to have made the mistake in thinking having a place where you can take a break from criticism is the same as never facing reality. 

	Score: 74
		OP, do you object to support groups as well? A support group is, in essence, a safe space. If you go to any alcoholics anonymous meeting, you're going to be sitting in a group of people who will describe the worst things they ever did and no one will open their mouth and say, "Wow, you're a horrible person." Because sometimes that's what it takes. Sometimes people need to know that when they reveal the most guarded and vulnerable part of themselves, no one is going to chime in to confirm the worst thoughts they ever had. That instead, they'll be revealing it to people who can relate. They'll be talking to people who themselves have experienced and done similar things.   Removing "safe spaces" or support groups just hides those things, it doesn't make them go away. For gay kids, it just pushes them back into the closet. For people who were molested, it just forces them to deal with their trauma alone.   A safe space is really just a place where people with similar experiences and backgrounds can gather and relate experiences with one another without fearing someone will belittle or explain away their feelings. Ignoring pain doesn't make someone stronger, it just forces that pain to express itself in other ways. Would you rather have a husband who belittles and berates his wife because he hates himself or a husband who goes to a support group once a week to deal with those feelings?  I know recovering alcoholics who were afraid to stop drinking because they couldn't bear to confront the things they had done when they were drunk. A safe space allows them to explore that part of themselves without fear that people around them would condemn them. For a lot of people, that's the only way to get better.

	Score: 60
		I just read that whole article, and yeah... that conforms pretty well to what /u/allmightySapling described. Its a room in the building, but not a room where a class is being taught for credit.

	Score: 56
		I don't think you have defined the concept of a safe space clearly enough.  For instance [the Occupy London on-line safe spaces policy](http://occupylondon.org.uk/about/statements/saferspaces/) is perfectly reasonable.  I am sure you can provide examples of a bad one as well, although I've not come across any which exist in academia which result in opinions going unchallenged. I'm sure you can find examples of a safe space policy which would do this, but these are only really found in organisations which support people who need to be shielded from behaviour which although socially acceptable in mainstream society would be damaging for them.  I think this post is buying into a popular tabloid like moral panic about academia. There is a nice blog post on this [here](https://feministkilljoys.com/2015/02/15/you-are-oppressing-us/) with part 2 [here](https://feministkilljoys.com/2016/02/17/you-are-oppressing-me/).  Anyhow, I think for this to be true, you have to provide some evidence of it taking place.  > Safe spaces go against the logic of the scientific method because they leave no room for hypotheses that offend or discomfort people.  I don't know of any safe space policies which do this, and I certainly don't know of any that do this in schools or universities. Do you have evidence to the contrary?

	Score: 55
		Man I can identify so much with how you put this.  I'm bisexual though, and not simply gay, so my perspectice might be slightly different.  However, I grew up in the bible-thumping south in a far right-wing community and didn't come fully to terms with my sexuality for many years.  In places like this, kids are essentially taught that questioning their sexuality is thought crime, and it causes a lot of pain to a lot of people.    One of the first times I really allowed myself to talk about it openly and honestly was at the LGBT center at my university.  Being able to do so was somewhat life-changing.  It makes me very sad to see people talk about "safe spaces" as harbours of ignorance, when they are nothing of the sort and do so much good for so many scared, young people.  This notion that safe spaces are areas where ideas can't be criticized is simply a result of an enormous strawman with no basis in reality.  I wish everybody saw them exactly the way you describe.

	Score: 55
		Here's the thing though.  As much as these exist, they aren't "safe spaces" in any way whatsoever.  People who call them safe spaces have conflated that term and turned it into a pejorative.  If you continue to call these places "safe spaces," I would argue you're buying into the strawman that certain media outlets have come up with, and are doing great harm to the actual safe spaces that exist only to help minorities talk about their personal issues without fear of judgement.

	Score: 54
		Honestly, it really isn't that stupid. Throughout high school, I had to educate so many people on LGBT concepts, it was ridiculous. People were seriously ignorant. I spent four years trying to educate the student body on this type of stuff. I just don't understand how you can go through life knowing so little about a group of people that people have strong opinions about. This guy would just talk about legislating things like sex and marriage, and it took me 2 weeks to explain to him what the difference between being gay and transgender is.  Just didn't get it, he wasn't familiar with the concept, yet wanted to make laws governing these people's lives.  Maybe a class shouldn't be required, but maybe a little speech. We have to take a quiz on alcohol before we can attend freshman year of college, we had a little spiel on sexual assault, why not add a few simple LGBT concepts?



CMV: The 2 party system and the electoral college are destroying America.
=======================================

	Score: 649
		I think you’re right that a system forcing only two parties is less than ideal. However, i think abolishing the electoral college is the wrong approach.  The problem with eliminating the electoral college isn’t that small states won’t get campaigning; it’s that small states *wont matter*. In a pure popular vote system, major cities are the only thing that will matter. New York City alone is worth the equivalent of *nine states*. Add LA, Chicago and Boston and you can understand the trend. Rural states and rural communities won’t matter in a pure popular vote system. It will be the urbanites controlling every election, even more so than they do now. All a campaigning president would need on their platform is something about “rebuilding our cities” and rural states and communities could lose important funding just to ensure reelection.  A better system would be to have each state have its electors vote based on the *state* popular vote. Whatever percentage of the state goes to candidate A, that same percentage of electors would go to candidate A. This would allow small states to have a say, and also every vote to count even in highly polarized states.   As for political parties in general; they aren’t ideal, but they are pretty much inevitable. Political parties already function as a general rule-of-thumb for the politician’s opinions on things, so eliminating them altogether would kind of just be confusing. A better solution would be to make sure that third party candidates get at least a minimum level of mainstream coverage and are allowed in the debates. This would allow various opinions while still leaving parties to indicate which *general* beliefs a candidate adheres to

	Score: 254
		You're close but not quite there yet. I agree with replacing the EC but the real change is the elimination of first past the poll voting. I think eliminating primaries and moving to [approval voting](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Approval_voting) or [Instant runoff](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Instant-runoff_voting) methods. These would enable a diversification in parties and reduce the influence the extreme left and right have on our politics. 

	Score: 216
		Clarifying question:  America has had the electoral college its entire existence.  Has it always been destroying America, or is this a new development?  If always, how has America been so successful in its short history?  If it’s a new development, what changed?  

	Score: 198
		Wait.  You're saying that one person one vote means people who live in outer areas vote wont matter?  Their vote will matter just as much as everyone else's.  How is saying that rural areas need extra influence beyond one man one vote because they're smaller different than saying that since Muslim Americans only make up ~2% of the population, they should get some guaranteed electors because otherwise no candidate will bother paying attention to issues that affect that community?  

	Score: 152
		I think that makes sense when you put it that way. We dont need to get rid of the electoral college; we just need to reform it. I feel that 1 person 1 vote is not accurate today because based on where you live, youre vote probably doesnt matter in the long term. However, doing it your way would make that true and keep an equilibrium between rural and urban

	Score: 114
		The recent Virginia recount was down to a single vote difference for the House of Delegates race. So yes, your vote can count for a lot. 

	Score: 114
		>  which means most americans can make informed decisions,the electoral is simply unnecessary and damaging.  What % of people do you think make truely informed choices?  I honestly feel privliged if I see more than bumper sticker sloagns.  How many people really have education in an issue?  More than one issue?  Heck, we're having problem getting lawmakers to read bills before they vote on them. Or understand them.  I have little confidence in Joe Voter.

	Score: 112
		Tldr: this is only a semi-recent problem. Technology in communication has made it easier to campaign.  The electoral college was good early in american history A: because voting was so limited  B: because the ability to campaign was so limited that few people could make educated choices.  But now that we have the technology to communicate and campaign to the entire country instantly, which means most americans can make informed decisions,the electoral is simply unnecessary and damaging.

	Score: 96
		But not if its an electoral college system and I'm in a non-swing state. 

	Score: 83
		First-past-the-post voting creates a two party system. Sure, removing the electoral could be beneficial, but it does nothing to change the 2-party system, which is the crux of your argument. 3rd parties would still be seen as "throwing your vote away" in a popular vote, and would have an even tougher time being noticed than with the electoral college, where they may at least have a chance to win certain areas.     This video does a great job explaining the problems with first-past-the-post and how much better alternatives would be: https://youtu.be/s7tWHJfhiyo

	Score: 80
		The 2 party system is a result of winner take all voting, not the electoral college. You will have the exact same issues if you went off of popular vote per State. If you went off of raw popular vote it would not be the most populous states who get a voice, but the biggest cities. The divides we currently have are rural vs urban, not Red State vs Blue State. Cities and rural areas have very different needs and those needs must be balanced or you will lose things like food production, resource extraction, etc.   Also, we are a republic of sovereign States that only give up part of their sovereignty to join the Union. It is the States that vote for their leader (the President) and they use the popular vote within their borders of their Citizens (you are citizen of your State as well as the US as a whole) to determine how the State as an entity casts their vote. 

	Score: 79
		Every state is a non-swing state until it is. This last election saw Rust Belt blue states swing Red by just the tiniest hair needed. Always vote, you never know.  Besides, a presidential, electoral college vote is on the same ballot as a dozen or more other elected positions where there is no EC and quite possibly no assumed victor. At least vote for those if nothing else.

	Score: 61
		How does the electoral college force a two party system?  It has nothing to do with the several hundred other federal positions we vote for, it only elects the President and Vice President.  A two, more or less equal in power, party status quo is more a result of first past the post voting systems.  This status quo can be temporarily disrupted.  One party might fade to the point there is one dominant party for example.  In this scenario the party on the outs will change to appeal to more voters, or the dominant party might slit in two.  Or, a third party might emerge, but over time the two parties that are competing for the same votes will probably agree to merge so they can win elections.  A multi-party stability is possible, but highly unlikely.  Now, do you want to just argue in shoulds?  Because shoulds do me little good, I like viable policy steps that can be taken.  How do you plan on abolishing the electoral college?  You need a constitutional amendment.  That requires 2/3rds of all hosue and senate members, and 3/4ths of the state legislatures.  The Republican party knows the electoral college is pretty much the only way they can win the White House these days, since winning it in 92, they've only won it once since, Bush's reelection in 2004.  They've effectively can veto any attempt to change the constitution, and I see no reason why they wouldn't use that veto.  Banning political parties?  How?  How can a society with freedom of assembly stop a political coalition from forming if the people wish to form one?  It has enormous benefit, and candidates and organizations who refuse to do so will be at an enormous disadvantage every election since there will be dozens of candidates splitting the vote while the coalition rallies behind one guy per election.  Every choice we make is about the lesser of 2 evils.  Or you could say, the better of 2 goods.  You seldom have a perfectly bad choice vs a perfectly good one.  There is no magic panacea for this.  And no one is compelling you to not vote for the candidate you believe in, you can, you're just wasting your vote.  But what do you think the odds that you'll get our perfect candidate elected in a free for all when you couldn't get him to win a party primary among people who are more like minded?  

	Score: 53
		To clarify, you believe that before the advent of the internet, and therefore access to enough information for an individual to make informed decisions, the electoral college was necessary because people were uninformed? And you also concede that people today are either too lazy, or more likely, busy or disinterested to properly inform themselves? But this uninformed populace no longer needs the electoral college like previous Americans because information is accessible? Your view seems strange to me because if you believe that the electoral college is necessary to represent an uninformed populace then it should not matter what reason the populace is uninformed for, it should only matter whether the populace is or is not uninformed. 

	Score: 41
		The argument that small states don't matter without the Electoral College (and the related argument that minority populations won't matter) are absolutely looking at things the wrong way. The Electoral College offers no innate protection for small states. [This video is what set my opinion on the topic.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3wLQz-LgrM) The TLDR is that you don't want a 50% winner takes all election if you want minority populations to matter (small states) you want a super majority voting system.  The alternative is to allow minority non-consensus rule (the current status quo) and this is absolutely immoral.

	Score: 35
		There already is an equilibrium between rural and urban in that both the house and Senate favor rural (because even in the house, Cali doesn't get all the representatives it should have based on actual population ratio with States like North Dakota). In fact I wouldn't call it an equilibrium so much as just obviously in favor of rural. The presidency doesn't also need to be.

	Score: 30
		The counterpoint to that being that NYC alone has the population of 9 states, yet currently doesn't matter at all as far as the election goes.  Why do you feel the residents of those 9 states being excluded is more of a problem than excluding the residents of NYC?

	Score: 30
		The one off chance that my vote will count eveey 30 years living in the deep south and being a democrat is hardly a good system.

	Score: 28
		Despite the system leading to abundant corruption and a civil war almost every time an emperor died, the Roman Empire and it's heavily flawed system of government lasted for centuries in the west, and more than a millennia in the east, being the most powerful empire on the globe at it's peak.  By this"if it ain't broke don't fix it" logic, you could argue that the system of government used under the Roman Empire did not need to be reformed, despite it's obvious setbacks.

	Score: 27
		Ill give an example of what I'm saying because I don't think explained it well enough  I live in missouri: a red state. If i support a democrat candidate, then my vote just doesnt matter because my vote will not influence the results of the election at all. This is not how our country should be



CMV: the disappearance of Down syndrome in Iceland through abortion is not inherently evil or bad
=======================================

	Score: 796
		It might, or become, more top down than you think. In France, the government has apparently tried to [ban positive messages](http://www.nationalreview.com/article/450509/down-syndrome-iceland-cbs-news-disturbing-report) about having children with Down Syndrome. And even without direct government force, people can be hugely influenced into making a decision they don't want to make if they feel like they'll face social stigma for choosing life. Furthermore, Down Syndrome requires a lifetime of support in most cases, which might cease to exist if it's assumed that nobody will ever be born with the disease.   More broadly, today we're talking about a specific disease that's easily identified and that produces a well understood spectrum of disability. But what's to stop us from applying that logic elsewhere? Sex selective abortion follows an eerily similar logic, in which would-be parents exercise their independent judgment to decide that being female is a genetically undesirable condition for their child.  Even away from that extreme, where can we as a society draw a line between who is and isn't worthy of being born? What do we do with people who will be born deaf or blind? Or whose IQ will be low but not that low? The need to draw a line between "good enough to be born" and "not" is where the Nazi comparisons come from, because eugenics is all about making that kind of decision. The only difference is that their line cut down a lot of people we would consider "healthy" instead of being limited to diagnosable conditions. 

	Score: 322
		>This is the question I'm trying to avoid, because it really can't be answered, but you are trying to bring.  That's tricky because it's sort of the crux of the matter.  Every society has to come up culturally and/or legally with its own line.  Even if we leave it to individual decision, society still heavily informs the question of which people are worthy of respect/which lives are worth living.  In the US, that answer is clearly somewhere around "vegetative state".  We absolutely will let brain-dead people die and generally tell people to abort babies who will be born brain-dead.  We argue over whether to let people who are minimally responsive in vegetative states die.  Anything better than that, we try to save and are squeamish about aborting.  Other countries can and should draw their own lines, but when you make it common cultural practice to abort people with Down Syndrome, it becomes obvious that currently-living people with that level of dysfunction are not valued the same way by society as their more able-minded peers.

	Score: 318
		>where can we as a society draw a line between who is and isn't worthy of being born?  This is the question I'm trying to avoid, because it really can't be answered, but you are trying to bring. If we take action against this we are already saying that Down syndrome is on one side of the line, while other conditions, say brain-dead fetuses (which would technically live, but not in a way we find satisfying) are not. If we leave it to individual decision we don't need to delve into this, as the parents are not deciding in general, but in particular, for their own (economic, psychological) situation. And perhaps social stigma may fit into this particularity. People can be brave and challenge it, if they want to. Also, it's not pervasive (eg social groups that do not believe in abortion)  As soon as it turns into politics, like the French government example you posted I'm totally against it, though

	Score: 178
		In the article, I didn't see where the abortion was forced, merely recommended.  A lot of women everywhere abort downs symdrome fetuses, because the level of care needed is far beyond a normal baby, even if they are high functioning. If they are low functioning, you essentially have a near vegetable that eats and poops. I have seen a bad case where the mother had to quit working and go on aid for life to care for her son. I don't know who died first, but if she died first, then he would be in an institution.  Quality of life really needs to be considered here.  If your parent had a stroke, and maybe would die without a respirator and other major interference, but if she survive would be brain damaged enough that's she's back to the level of an infant brain, would you force your mother to be resuscitated back to that?  I very specifically signed papers where if my quality of life is compromised to the point of possible nursing home care, then I WANT to die.   Again, we know not all kids with Downs are incapable, but the reality is they need more care. There are many families who just don't have the money and resources. Being institutionalized is not any level of quality of life.    Mercy is not putting a person through unnecessary pain.   Kudos to those who can take care of and raise Downs Syndrome kids, but it shouldn't be forced on a person.  In addition, Nazis would take people already born with a disease and kill them.  That is not the same as opting for an abortion as soon as the diagnosis is received.

	Score: 150
		Why do you believe that a woman's individual choice can't be evil or bad?  What if a woman decided to abort after genetic testing showed that her baby would have brown eyes, while she always wanted a baby with blue eyes?  What if a woman decided to abort after the ultrasound showed that she was going to have a daughter, but she wanted a son?  What if this is her third abortion in her attempt to have a blonde-haired, blue-eyed son?  Maybe, as a legal matter, a woman can abort for whatever reason they want, but that doesn't mean that the decision can't be evil or bad.  Just because it is a better legal system to allow women the choice to abort doesn't mean that every one of those decisions will be the right one.  Legal and illegal is not the same as good and bad.  Down's Syndrome is something that people generally agree is undesirable, but is that merely a reflection of our cultural values?  If another culture believes that sons are better than daughters, that blue eyes are better than brown eyes, and blonde hair is better than brown hair, would that make those decisions okay?  Can't we imagine a better a culture where people with Down's Syndrome are valued as individuals in the same way as others - where the extra care they need isn't seen as a burden on their families but as a shared societal responsibility?  Wouldn't there be more good in a society that loved all people equally, regardless of disability?

	Score: 139
		I think this is a great answer, even if the reasons that made me agree with it are the same of the other delta I gave ∆

	Score: 123
		Hey guys, just warning I'm taking now a lunch break but I'll be back soon  For now, my opinion is that I can't say it's not bad, or not evil for the very same reasons that I think nobody can actively try to stop these women for doing so (trying to change via education/culture is okay though): it is impossible to have sufficient information to make such a sweeping statement, these things are deeply subjective and context-dependent.

	Score: 123
		[deleted]

	Score: 121
		Well, I don't think she's more "punished" than a mother who hasn't done the test and ends up conceiving a child with Down syndrome. By the end of the day nobody actively wants to have a child with a disability that will make their lives more difficult   It is of course not just to kill or outright abandon the child, since there's a great difference between that and abortion, but I feel this is starting moving away from the question

	Score: 119
		I live in Iceland and you should know that the Icelandic doctor interviewed by CBS has stated to national media that portions of the truth were omitted from the broadcast, specifically the fact that 15% of women do not attend the last scheduled ultrasound and as a result cannot receive the warning that the fetus exhibits signs of Down's, those women can and do still give birth to children with the syndrome. The fact is that with access to ultrasound diagnosis and abortion without stigma the majority of women choose to terminate the pregnancy

	Score: 104
		I'm sorry, but I think you awarded that delta too early.  This argument is basically the "slippery slope" argument that anti-gay marriage opponents also said about gay marriage "What's next?  People want to marry their dog?"  Nobody in Iceland is arguing for the "next step:, or the ability to abort simply over brown eyes or gender.  That doesn't make any logical sense and doesn't follow at all.  You're initial argument was interesting because as we understand it down syndrome is 1) limiting to the person who has it and 2) a burden on the family that person is a part of.    As for the last bit - "Can't we just improve society to take care of Down's better?" that feels like a bit of a cop out, especially when we have a compelling solution in what Iceland has done...simply eliminating down's in the first place, before a fetus is born.  What exactly is this rosy scenario that /u/DjTj81 is describing?  Why isn't it already happening?  Most of the down's people I've known in my life had a lot of support but their family was exhausted with them because it is exhausting.  It appears there is no way around that.

	Score: 102
		It's a shame you gave that delta away so easily, because that redditor's argument is patently false. Reducing the instances of a certain disease or disability in a population is not equivalent to devaluing the existing people who might unfortunately suffer from that disease or disability. Despite that user's subjective perception, there is in fact no logical entailment that terminating zygotes and fetuses with Down Syndrome necessitates some judgment about currently grown people or a counterfactual potential future person that happens to suffer from the disease. The disease is what is not valued, not the people who suffer from it.  

	Score: 83
		I'm curious how you feel about the situations where the test is incorrect. Per the article you cited, the test doesn't always work. So if we have a pregnant woman who would wish to abort if her child would have downs syndrome, she takes a test, and it comes back negative, but ends up being incorrect. She has the child and it has downs syndrome.  What is the just and proper course of action here? Is the woman punished with a child that has a condition which she possibly explicitly wanted to avoid?

	Score: 75
		Because I think it's deeply subjective and prone to error if we try to generalize it nation/worldwide

	Score: 67
		The main problem i have with this argument is that you are comparing Down's Syndrome, which has both superficial and non-superficial effects, with eye color, something that is purely superficial.   People dont want Down's babies because they *look* different, its because they worry what kind of quality of life they and their child will have.   edit to add: And with the girl v boy thing, we kind of saw that play out thanks to China's one child policy. We saw that people would continue boy fetus' to term more often than girls, and that the male population is much higher than the female. But there are still plenty of women in China. 

	Score: 56
		I agree, in my opinion it's more merciful to abort babies with Down syndrome EVEN IF that means we end up aborting a few healthy babies as well (although the percentage matters. 0.1% error rate is acceptable, 5% is not). I'm not sure that people should be forced to do this by state though, the parents should make that decision (and be able to make it free from social stigma, which is currently impossible most places). 

	Score: 48
		Can I ask why this bit in particular changed your mind?  Is it the part about devaluing those with Down syndrome already living in society? Because that's nothing more than rhetoric, I'm surprised it changed your mind that easily.  Just get into the word "devaluing", I understand the negative context, but how exactly is this devaluing them? Do you think many people in society today say "I hope my child is born with Down syndrome"? Based on Iceland statistics, clearly not  What the abortion issue is, is a tangible effect of our unwillingness to birth children with Down's syndrome. The "devalueing" is already done. And even with society's devalue-ing of having children with Down's syndrome, we tend to treat them as well as we can. Did you imply that allowing abortions may allow us to treat those already living with Down's worse? That's a huge stretch.  All it is is that we are no longer forcing those who don't want to raise a child with Down's to do so.

	Score: 47
		Fair. I can accept that zygotes are alive. ∆  In my view, a self-consistent worldview that disallows abortion must also require vegetarianism. If abortion is the arbitrary destruction of a life, surely the destruction of animal life must bear a similar level of moral weight. 

	Score: 43
		 it's easy to draw the line, we already have an excellent guide on what counts as a medical defect and what doesn't. Screening for defects doesn't magically open the floodgates to a white, male, aryan super race. And people can already abort based on sex, if you're in a backwards country that requires "good reason" for aborting then I'm sure you could make some shit up and still abort, but shock horror, that's not happening in any first world countries. 

	Score: 43
		I think I'll have to award a !delta for this. I would argue that even so it would be best not to set nation/worldwide politics to prevent this but that would be completely moving the goalposts. Congrats



CMV: the “NSFW” abbreviation needs changed to become 2 different abbreviations: one for nudity and one for everything else.
=======================================

	Score: 968
		It already exists...   NSFW; Nudity, mainly - showing pink bits you normally wouldn't see or read out and about, or reading something you wouldnt say aloud to your grandma.   NSFL: Gore - seeing someone's insides on the outside.  All NSFL is NSFW, but not all NSFW is NSFL. For example, I instruct and train Security for a living, and have  videos you'd see from r/Streetfights, r/Watchpeopledie and even r/OSHA as part of the instruction. So they would be Safe for Work under context, even though they are NSFL videos.  The only reason Reddit uses NSFW is as a catch-all so people don't blindly open a Cartel execution in a cubicle farm or somethin. Subs such as r/FiftyFifty use NSFW/L flairs for such a reason.  As for OP'S second edit, blokes Kneecaps snapping would be NSFL. Not everyone would want to see that, so that's how I would personally classify it. But take that with a grain of salt, due to my modlist I've seen a lot of shit most people in here would freak out over. 

	Score: 183
		Thanks for your reply.   I did not know this existed- probably because I’ve never seen them used.   Why isn’t it used more?

	Score: 110
		Typically, I only ever see NSFL on very severe things that usually involve actual death. It isn't typically used on things that are just bloody.   I agree with you that it would be better to separate nudity from gore and I don't think the NSFL really works to do that.

	Score: 109
		This is assuming that nudity is the only thing that's truly "not safe for work." What if something under "NSFWO" was very bloody or of something else that was really fucked up? What if it was killing animals? There's really no point in distinguishing between the two in cases like that.  Some things that you personally might feel comfortable opening around your coworkers might not go well with other people's coworkers. The purpose of the NSFW tag is to try to protect everyone from absolutely any complaint and in today's office climate, complaints get filed for absolutely everything. And since many offices are desks basically stacked on top of one another, a lot of people appreciate warnings for even subtly "not safe for work" content. It's probably not desirable to risk an oversensitive coworker or your boss catching a glimpse of your screen at just the wrong moment--not to mention people whose entire internet usage is monitored by their companies.

	Score: 96
		Probably because people don't know about it. Personally, I've only seen it used a handful of times on Reddit, and never anywhere else. It also isn't used because (from what I gather) it's generally a step up from NSFW. It's for the stuff that you don't want to see no matter where you are. 

	Score: 72
		NSFW is not really trustworthy, it could mean anything from nudity, gore to disturbing images.  NSFL is always used when showing gore, death and similar stuff.

	Score: 27
		I think reddit should include the nsfw/nsfl distinction in it's base tags, and not rely on subreddits to do it. Almost all nsfw tags are used to signify porn and other erotic material, and as a result the nsfw tag basically means porn. The fact that it shouldn't be opened at work is not the most useful or relevant information which the tag gives, and the information which I'm interested in is "this is erotic content".  I've already multiple times opened a nsfl post without expecting violence, and I think a real heads up would be nice. If the nsfl tag was part of reddit and not just individual subreddits, people would all know how to use it and we wouldn't get this problem.

	Score: 27
		On the other hand, when NSFL is used, it tends to actually be something serious and actually NSFL. The most recent NSFL image I recall was a picture of the Las Vegas shooting with a bunch of lifeless bodies on the ground. That really did spook me even though it was properly labeled NSFL.  I actually prefer it to not be used as often as it is. A lot of people can handle Game of Thrones levels of gore. I prefer it to be used when it goes beyond that, like when it's actual nightmare material. These posts tend to have a lasting impact.

	Score: 26
		Thank you for the response.   I think your point actually backs up my view.   Since technically, all the posts are still marked “NSFW” in one way or another, most people will still avoid at work.   In this case, the differing types of NSFW doesn’t matter.   But in some offices, opening some creepy image is perfectly fine. 

	Score: 25
		There should just be tags saying straight out what the warning is.   In some subs, ALL images are labeled NSFW because either they want to limit the images or prevent spoilers.  There should just be tags like:  **IMAGE**  **SPOILERS**  **VIOLENCE**  **NUDITY**  **PORN** (because all porn has nudity, but not all nudity is porn...)  **GROSS**  **TRIGGER WARNING** (for threads about potentially traumatic subjects like rape or assault or PTSD)

	Score: 24
		If you are going to divide it up, I would say divide it differently.  For example:  NSFW Nudity is still Fine NSFL (for gore, etc.) NSFWA for audio, perhaps with extra modifiers for "Language" or "racism"...essentially the "why you shouldn't.  And at the end of it, if it's a combination of things, or you just aren't sure how to categorize it, NSFW.  There is no need to specify  "other" if you aren't giving any extra information with it.

	Score: 24
		I think you are taking "NSFW" too literally. It isn't defined by what is okay or not at work, since every office is different.   If it were literal, the entirety of reddit should be NSFW, since nearly all employers won't want you browsing reddit on the clock. It's really just a caution that the content is past a certain line in the sand, and you should take a second to consider the content before opening/clicking.

	Score: 22
		So you are saying some things that are labelled nsfw are actually safe to look at or show at work. How is the logical conclusion form that "lets split the label" and not "those things dont need to be labeled"

	Score: 22
		> Why isn’t it used more?  Because a "Cute porn star" subreddit really doesn't need to distinguish between the two types.  Neither does /r/OSHA.  Disambiguation between similar meanings of a term only needs to happen when such things are ambiguous in the first place.  Otherwise, you're forcing needless bureaucracy onto the system.

	Score: 18
		Okay I think I understand your point a little better now, but how many offices out there exist where opening a gif of someone's throat being slit and blood spraying everywhere is fine but a picture of boobs isn't? It just seems like too niche of a market to make any sort of accommodation. In the overwhelming majority of cases, either you have to be super careful or you don't.

	Score: 17
		I find this to be an issue. I agree with OP that NSFW should be for nudity only.

	Score: 15
		> Since technically, all the posts are still marked “NSFW” in one way or another, most people will still avoid at work.  That's the idea. Since you don't know how tolerant an individual's office policy is, you mark it NSFW so that people understand there is some questionable material behind the click. It can't be tailored to your specific office for obvious reasons.   > But in some offices, opening some creepy image is perfectly fine.  Cool. But you are missing the point. First, no office to my knowledge really encourages reddit browsing (except perhaps the reddit offices). So you really shouldn't be looking at creepy or lewd images. But second, while it may be acceptable at YOUR office, it is likely not acceptable at most offices. Thus, it is NSFW.   The real problem that you have alluded to is that things are either mislabeled, or confusingly titled. So for you, someone who is apparently allowed to view "creepy" images, you can't tell whether it is creepy or nudity because the title is poor. That's a different problem entirely. 

	Score: 14
		The problem is that you now put the work of deciding which is which onto the people making the threads. For example you list slightly nude gaming stuff as an example for the nsfwo side, how is someone supposed to know where your employers line is? How are bots supposed to know?  With the tag as it is you can just slap it on without thinking about it and it works.  If you want to use your discretion read the title and the comments.

	Score: 13
		For me that encompasses bones breaking, which I definitely see under nsfw tags.  I guess I'm agreeing with you both here. I wish more people knew about, and used nsfl when people are being graphically injured

	Score: 12
		(See edits based on this response)  I agree with you. I’m happy to accept that my solution might not be the answer to this issue but I still think the original point remains that the NSFW tag is not working properly and it needs change. 😊



CMV: The claim that a man is "mansplaining" is a convenient and sexist way for women to silence debate instead of addressing the man's arguments.
=======================================

	Score: 1977
		When a male goes to the local car station to get his oil changed and tells the female mechanic working there how it's done, that's mansplaining. Despite her obviously being qualified for the job he's assuming she is not solely based on the fact she's female and subsequently. It's a deeply condescensing, sexist action and a common example of the term. An example with reversed genders would be a woman unsolicitedly telling a single father how he could better raise his kid based on the sexist assumption men can't properly deal with kids.  So in a way, you got it backwards. The mansplaining person (regardless of gender!) is the one disregarding the other person's thoughts and opinions on the basis of sexist assumptions.   The term is misused a lot, and that's likely where your misconception stems from. Taken to the very extreme all outside input is blocked instead, assuming a sexist thought as the basis of the opinion expressed by others.  Edit 3h later: To think I'd ever enjoy constructively discussing feminist theory on reddit without being yelled at and losing Karma. I like this sub.

	Score: 720
		It's not a hyperbole - it's a clear-cut, simple and commomly used example to make sure we're on the same terms on what the expression means. *Correctly* used, it refers exclusively to these types of situations.  Your title states the term is used to silence debate without adressing arguments. There is no debate - correctly used, the term refers to the act of one person assuming another person lacks knowledge based on nothing but their gender. Calling them a 'mansplainer' calls them out on that.  As an analogy:  Calling someone out on bad grammar doesn't attack their point of view, but how they expressed it. It's perfectly valid to ask for proper punctuation to make conversation easier.  It's not supposed to be silence discussion but promote it by improving the way people express themselves.   > if I understand this correctly  You didn't. I'm saying condescending *due to sexist assumptions*.   > Why associated with male gender alone  The same reason 'feminism' isn't called 'equalitism' - the term was coined at a point their users felt it was primarily one-sided. I made it clear it can go both ways numerous times by using two examples with flipped genders and otherwise genderneutral expeessions.

	Score: 397
		>When a male goes to the local car station to get his oil changed and tells the female mechanic working there how it's done, that's mansplaining. Despite her obviously being qualified for the job he's assuming she is not solely based on the fact she's female and subsequently. It's a deeply condescensing, sexist action and a common example of the term.   My problem with this example/argument is that it is a hyperbole (see also the roller-derby example below). In this case, a man with no experience in car repair is telling a female mechanic how to do her job because she is a woman with a stereotypically male job. In your example the male customer is clearly acting on an unfair and sexist assumption. My understanding is that "mansplaining" is a term used more generally to cover any situation in which a man is condescending with a woman. It has nothing to do with the respective expertise of each party in a given area.  My argument is that condescension can happen between any two people regardless of gender for many different reasons. Why should we immediately jump to the conclusion that when a man explains something to a woman in a manner that may be perceived by the woman as condescending (whether or not it actually is) he is being sexist, and label him as such with a derogatory word describing his behaviour?      >  An example with reversed genders would be a woman unsolicitedly telling a single father how he could better raise his kid based on the sexist assumption men can't properly deal with kids. So in a way, you got it backwards. The mansplaining person (regardless of gender!) is the one disregarding the other person's thoughts and opinions on the basis of sexist assumptions.  So if I understand this argument correctly (and I might not), any time a person is condescending with someone of the opposite sex they are "mansplaining". Why should the term for this behaviour then be associated with the male gender alone? 

	Score: 336
		This was how the term was conceptualized/originated.  The first person to use the term was a woman who was at a party who was told by a man to read a book on a subject they were arguing about.  The book was written by her.  The entire concept originated from men assuming expertise of knowledge over women and condescendingly explaining something to the woman that she already knows/is more familiar with than the man.  

	Score: 306
		I think other people have mentioned this, but the main problem here is not having a concrete definition.   I see mansplaining being used in two circumstances.  Mansplaining, def 1: the act of explaining something that doesn't need to be explained in a condescending manner based on a sexist assumption.   So, it's not having an argument. It's about being told something that you already know. An example: a male doctor tells their female colleague "That's what we use for taking blood pressure." The female doctor knew that. In that scenario, you have two options.   1. You silently just take it. "You're right. Thanks." A lot of women choose this route because it's "polite" and "lady-like."  2. You snap at them. "I already knew that. I don't need you telling me." This is the reaction that provokes the word mansplaining in the moment.     Mansplaining, def 2: the act of confidently and incorrectly explaining something and disregarding the other person based on a sexist assumption that men know more  This one, I have a concrete example from my life. It is, without a doubt, the stupidest conversation I've ever had. I had a guy tell me that periods only last 3 days. As a woman, I felt fairly certain that this was not a universal fact.   So, I started to say, "Well, that's not true. I--" And he cut me off. "No, it is true. I learned about this in 6th grade from my dad, and I have a sister. Women only get their period for 3 days. Any longer than that and they're just lying to get out of stuff."  Any time I tried to correct him, he would not listen. Despite the fact that I, a real human woman, was sharing my experience, he felt that he was more knowledgeable.   After a certain point in an argument, you have to walk away when you realize you can't change the other person's mind. If the word had existed at the time, I think calling it mansplaining would have stopped him from interrupting me and maybe made him think about what I was saying/why he was disregarding me. Yes, it would derail the argument. But that would be a good thing. He was just clinging to being right, despite logic and reasoning telling him otherwise. It was more than condescending. It was sexist to assume he would know more, and worse still, it was incorrect. And he didn't give me the opportunity to share my thoughts.   That moment, to me, is mansplaining at its core. It's pointing to a pattern where some men believe they know more about a topic than a woman, even when evidence points to the contrary. Whether that woman already knows it or has a different opinion/view/facts about it, the internalized belief on the man's side is the problem. 

	Score: 241
		> Your definition of the term seems to be limited in that it would only extend to those situations, however, from the social media posts I have personally seen (mostly on facebook)  With respect, this is the issue.  The fact that ill-informed 16 year-olds on the twitters misuse a term does not invalidate the correct use of the term.  /u/Seratio is using and defining the term correctly.  The fact that laypeople on random websites misuse it a lot doesn't make them right.  Don't take your understanding of a term from facebook.  In fact it's a good rule of thumb that if you see someone using a term like that on facebook, you've probably just seen the most incorrect usage possible, and it's probably best to go reference some academic feminist literature on the subject.

	Score: 178
		> ...the term is used far more widely to describe situations in which women find men condescending, regardless of their relative knowledge of the subject at hand.  Is it really used *regardless*? I've never heard it used to refer to male experts being condescending towards female non-experts on the topic of their expertise. Where I see it *commonly* used is stuff like [this bit about the Monty Hall problem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggDQXlinbME), in which a woman who was literally in the Guiness Book of World Records for the world's highest IQ had to endure condescension (and outright sexism) from a bunch of random idiots.  If people really are using it regardless of relative knowledge or expertise, I think that's *incorrect* usage. Maybe that's prescriptivist of me, and maybe "mansplaining" has already been ruined the way "literally" has, but like to think words have meanings, and that this word actually does mean something to do with relative difference in expertise.

	Score: 175
		There is nothing wrong with calling someone out for being condescending. That is exactly what we should call it "he was condescending".   But when the term "mansplaining" is used, the man is essentially being called condescending AND sexist. The risk of being labeled a sexist by simple reason of explaining something to a woman, in my opinion, could harm the dynamic between men and women.

	Score: 175
		That's totally not hyperbole. Ask any female mechanic and I guarantee she can provide many examples of men condescendingly explaining her own career field to her, often incorrectly.  How often would you see a man who isn't a mechanic try to explain cars to his male mechanic?    Mansplaining is a term often misused to silence arguments, and it's a shame because it takes credence away from real instances where it occurs.    To give a personal anecdote, I worked for two years with a man who I felt was a "mansplainer". Not because he was a man who explained things.  It was a very specific type of condescension he never used with male colleagues.    He was an operations manager with only rough knowledge of civil litigation.  I am a high-level paralegal with over a decade of experience in that area; I was a managerial employee hired to oversee the litigation department.   This guy would constantly cut me off and contradict me when I was explaining a legal strategy or principle, always incorrectly, and always condescendingly, like "sweetie, honey, listen..."    For instance, he once insisted that case law is not "law" but a guideline, then interrupted me when I tried to explain the concept of a legal precedent.  He wasn't my boss, but he would regularly try to order me to take actions that were inapplicable or improper for a given scenario. He would refuse to listen until I got a male lawyer (yes, he also argued with female attorneys) whose explanation he accepted without question despite it being identical to what I had told him moments before. Never once in two years did I see him do this to a male coworker.  This is the correct definition of mansplaining.  When a male condescendingly explains a concept to a female who he KNOWS has a greater degree of expertise than him on the subject he is explaining, because of his belief that a female could not have more expertise than him.  He will unquestioningly accept a man's opinion when discussing that same topic.    

	Score: 173
		You're acting like this is a unique experience instead of a common one for women.   EDIT: Pretty much every response to this is the same. "Men can be condescending, how do you know he wasn't *just* being condescending?!"  The point is that sexism doesn't have to be *intended* in order for it to still be sexism. When women experience the *phenomena* that they are consistently seen as non-experts and have men patronizingly explain things to them that the women either already know or know better than the man in question that *phenomena* becomes a shared experience of sexism. 

	Score: 140
		This is a tough one, because I also really dislike the term mansplaining.   It absolutely has a chilling factor, and I think that many people overuse the term, which makes its meaning less clear.    But I understand why people use it. Women are tired of having things explained to them, especially things that they already understand, often moreso than the person doing the explaining. Even if it isn't condescending in its intention, the simple assumption that someone needs something explained to them hits on something very personal, and very vulnerable about feeling valued, respected, and seen.   I do think it also refers to the *way* that it is explained. Very logically, very step-by-step, very dismissive. This is the way that women have been treated for a very, very long time. Many of these are referred to as [microaggressions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microaggression). See, maybe you already knew what that was and didn't need me to assume that you didn't and explain it to you, but by me assuming that you don't know and need it explained to you I am kind of assuming you are not as well-read as I am, or incapable of doing your own research, and a whole host of other things.   This behavior is more common among men than it is among women, and women in most societies have been expected to endure it without complaint until quite recently, hence the backlash. This is why I say I understand why people use it.   So what if someone just said "I don't like the way you explained that to me," would that sit better with you? I feel like you may still take offense. The whole point is to call out the gendered-aspect of it. The whole point is to seek empowerment and to call out male microaggressions that have led us to where we are.   The very fact that we don't like it kind of shows how necessary it is. It is hitting on something very important within us, something very vulnerable. That thing might be something like "maybe I *am* oppressing women, even if I don't mean to." This defensiveness can show us something important about ourselves if we are able to slow down and explore it instead of just saying "no, you're wrong." 

	Score: 118
		> So, it's not having an argument.  That's totally it. Mansplaining isn't really about debates, it's about someone showing off and giving a one sided lecture out of nowhere while the other person inwardly rolls their eyes. 

	Score: 118
		I'm a scientist working in a male dominated field who has, at times, called out coworkers for mansplaining. I do it when a coworker is giving me a lecture on a subject in which my expertise is equal to or greater than their own, particularly when it is someone who knows me and should either expect me to know the concepts, or trust me when I say I really do get it. I do it because I grow tired of people wasting my time. It is insulting to me, and when it happens over and over again (personal record is the same person explaining a technology to me four time, it happens to be one for which I hold the patent) I go ahead and insult them back by calling them a mansplainer. Being polite should be enough, we should all give each other the benefit of the doubt and listen generously, but there is a point when you are just desperate to get through to someone that they are exhibiting unconscious bias and need to be more aware of their behavior.

	Score: 118
		Just wanted to second the commenter's definition of mansplaining. My understanding has always been that "mansplaining" is when a man tries to explain something to a woman when the woman clearly has more expertise on the subject (as in the example of a male customer explaining an oil change to a female mechanic). 

	Score: 116
		Do you agree in general that it can be useful to call someone out for being condescending, or do you think that because knowing when another person is being condescending is "always subjective" and could have "a chilling factor" that will stop anyone from trying to explain anything to anyone, it's never legitimate to accuse someone of acting condescending?  EDIT: I'm adding this here instead of responding to all the replies I got.  They almost all were redundant, and almost none of them were from OP, who disappeared after several people pointed out the same flaws to his position.  I'm not going to respond to people defending OP's position who aren't OP, because you're under no compunction to engage in a good-faith discussion like OP is, so I'm not going to waste my time debating with people who may have no interest in changing their view.  To address the general lines of response I got:  * "Mansplaining" is sexist because it has the word "man" in it  I'm sorry, but this is the dumbest argument. "White supremacy" isn't a racist term, even though it's referring to white people.  In both cases, the terms are justified because *they describe real trends of discrimination* from one group towards others.  If in this day and age you refuse to believe that there are widespread trends of men oppressing and looking down on women, then I have no problem calling you sexist.  * "Mansplaining" isn't equivalent to condescension; it's more insulting because it's socially damaging to be branded a sexist.  I never claimed, implicitly or explicitly, that the two were equivalent.  My point in asking OP this line of questions about condescension was to point out that all of the specific concerns he raised against mansplaining could just as easily be applied to condescension, so if he thinks it's fair game to sometimes call out people on condescending behavior, he has to explain why there's a difference.  * General concerns about applications of the term  A lot of people think the term "mansplaining" is misapplied or overused.  It might be; it's completely fair to debate about whether a particular instance counts as mansplaining or not, just like it's fair to debate whether a particular instance counts as misogyny or homophobia.  But the issue here was whether the term "mansplaining" has any legitimate use, like "misogyny" and "homophobia."  If you only take issue with specific instances of its use, then you already agree with my main point.  As I've said, if you're not OP, don't expect a response from me to any further comment replies you leave here.  If this still really bugs you, make your own CMV.

	Score: 115
		>The man felt he needed to explain the entire sport to a complete stranger, without first asking if she knew anything about it.  Let's take this exact situation and assume that instead of a woman, the "mansplainer" is sitting next to a man. What makes you so sure that his behaviour would be any different? Some people are good listeners and some prefer to hear themselves speak instead. I'm not convinced that this is as much a gendered issue as you are making it out to be. 

	Score: 112
		It seems to me that you're trying to say that calling someone condescending and accusing them of mansplaining are equivalent. That, if one were to agree that it is socially useful to call people out for being condescending then the same is true for accusing someone of "mansplaining".   I don't agree. As far as condescension goes, everyone is entitled to their opinion. You might feel that the person unduly acted as if they were superior, and I don't think there's anything wrong with calling them out for that reason.  However, when the term mansplaining is used, the man is being called condescending *and* a motive is being attributed to his condescension (ie he was condescending because he is sexist). I have a problem with this because the term seems to make the broad assumption that men are being sexist when they speak with women, whether or not this is actually the case.

	Score: 106
		I love the examples where the men couldn't possibly know more, but insist they do anyway. I've heard a man who had never experienced sexual assault telling a woman who had how they should react, it was... Odd. 

	Score: 96
		[deleted]

	Score: 93
		> It's not a hyperbole - it's a clear-cut, simple and commomly used example to make sure we're on the same terms on what the expression means. Correctly used, it refers exclusively to these types of situations.  Granted, the term can and often is used to describe those types of situations, but the reason why I referred to your example as a hyperbole is that it is the most flagrantly obvious example of condescending behaviour that could fall within the ambit of the term mansplaining as it is currently used.  Your definition of the term seems to be limited in that it would *only* extend to those situations, however, from the social media posts I have personally seen (mostly on facebook), the term is used far more widely to describe situations in which women find men condescending, regardless of their relative knowledge of the subject at hand.  When on the lower more ambiguous end of the spectrum of "mansplaining" (ie. behaviour that is simply condescending or patronizing) we can't honestly know if the man is being condescending *because* he is conversing with the woman. To make that assumption is unfair. 



CMV: Today's FBI press conference shows without question that Hillary Clinton is above the law and is not being held to the same standards as less connected, powerful and rich Americans would be.
=======================================

	Score: 770
		The united states relies, in large part, on prosecutorial discretion in whether to charge or not.  The idea is you write the laws broadly to capture everyone, and then you leave it to prosecutors as to who to actually hit with charges.  This system results in three bad consequences 1) people get charged who really ought not to be charged because of over-zealous prosecutors.  2) people who ought to be charged are not because of lax or corrupted prosecutors.  and 3) the system looks unfair because you can point to people who were wrongly charged, and people who were wrongly not charged, and say the game is unfair or uneven.  In this case I think the key takeaway from the FBI was that they could find no example where someone else had been charged under these laws without an evil intent, and though she may have actually broken the letter of the law, they don't think a prosecution is appropriate in light of that historical standard.  I think, in a world of prosecutorial discretion this is the correct outcome - for her.  I do not however think that laws should be written or enforced with this philosophy.  The law should only capture people deserving of jail, and everyone who breaks the law should face prosecution.  That however is a different argument.  But you are right... Hillary should have been fired and black listed for what she did here.  But that has nothing to do with the FBI.

	Score: 478
		[removed]

	Score: 431
		Let's be clear about the knowledge and intent requirements. It isn't a defense to say "I didn't know this action was illegal." It is, however, a defense to say "I didn't know I was taking that action."  In law school, this concept is usually taught with cases where people misunderstand the facts.   * A man takes a bunch of lumber scrap from the side of the road, mistakenly believing that the lumber is abandoned. He turns out to be wrong about whether the lumber is abandoned, but he isn't guilty of larceny. * A FedEx driver delivers a package to its destination. He does not know that the package contains cocaine. Even though he knows that it is illegal to distribute cocaine, he didn't know that he was doing that illegal act. * A man has sex with a woman, without realizing that she didn't consent to sex but was too intimidated to fight back. It's irrelevant whether the man knows that sex requires consent, but it is very relevant whether the man knew that the woman had not consented.  There are two sets of laws that the FBI investigated in this case, relating to handling classified information or to federal recordkeeping. So it's not a defense to say "I didn't know I couldn't discuss classified information over unclassified networks," but it is a defense to say "I didn't know this information was classified." With federal records law, it's an even more precise law, which requires that a person destroy documents with the intent of hiding those documents from an investigation or from required public disclosure.  With respect to the classified information, the FBI didn't find evidence that Clinton knowingly took classified information out of authorized channels. From the reporting by the WSJ and the NYT, it sounds like they had vague discussions relating to the CIA's drone strikes in Pakistan, but did not mention drones or the CIA directly. It sounds to me like Clinton and other diplomatic staff thought that they sufficiently sanitized the discussion to be appropriate for unclassified communications channels, but that the investigation later found that the discussion still contained classified information. That's where intent breaks down on the classified information handling.  With the records, the FBI found that Clinton deleted emails, but that those appeared to be routine procedures to ensure the servers had enough disk space. There's no sign that Clinton's staff deleted emails for the purpose of evading investigation, so the high bar for federal records law isn't met.  None of this is about "Clinton didn't know it was illegal to do X." The report outlines that "there's no evidence Clinton knew she was doing X."

	Score: 225
		> Hillary Clinton would not be charged with a criminal offence because she was not aware she was breaking the law  Not what was said. What Comey explained was that the FBI does not have sufficient evidence to prove that Clinton *intentionally* did what she did (it doesn't matter whether she knew about the law).   > Awareness of the law is not generally required to convict someone from a crime and the only reason she has gotten away with it is because she is too powerful and well connected for members of law enforcement to risk their careers going after her  You're right that awareness of the law is generally not a prerequisite for being charged with a crime, but intent is often an element of criminal acts. It's called "mens rea," or "guilty mind," and a prosecutor must show for many crimes that what was done was done intentionally (as opposed to negligently or recklessly).   Finally, when Comey suggested that another might be punished in this situation, he explicitly said that they would be punished *administratively,* ie they would be fired or demoted and it would be handled internally by the agency. Clinton does not have a job right now and is not employed by an agency so it's a non-issue. 

	Score: 163
		∆ Alright This is fair enough.

	Score: 106
		How can it possibly occur for someone to be certified to have and obtain classified information, without knowing it's classified?  People get busted for similar analogies. I don't buy this. "I didn't know she wasn't 18" works less than it doesn't. The response is that you ought to ensure what you're doing is okay or you're being wreck less to do it anyway. How does this not apply tenfold to classified information?  Wouldn't this mean that whoever gave and/or authorized her the classified info in the first place is at fault for not ensuring they knew that she knew it was classified?  What scenario exists in which you receive classified info without knowing it's classified? It sounds like a shitty sitcom, but it's real life.

	Score: 87
		> Hillary should have been fired  Uh, who would fire her, and what job would she be fired from? She is unemployed right now.

	Score: 87
		Heads up, their "establishment of intent" is not what he said it is. Read the article he linked and you'll see that Clinton claims that the information she requested was not classified. The fbi would likely know what that info was, add if it wasn't actually classified there was no intent

	Score: 84
		He is wrong on that but not dis-honorable.    During the Bush administration Comey was Acting Attorney General, Aschroft, the actual attorney general was in the hospital ill.  Comey was asked to re-authorize a portion of the Bush administration's secret survelance program and refused deciding it was unconstitutional.  The bush administration sent Alberto Gonzales to Aschroft's hospital bed to get him to sign off on the program.  Comey got wind of this move and there was a confrontation at the hospital and Aschroft backed Comey on the point that while he was sick he didn't have legal authority to act and Comey was the guy.  Bush then re-authorized the program on his personal authority, and Comey threatened to resign in protest, and Bush backed down.  The man is an honorable man even if he is wrong on an issue or two.

	Score: 81
		 > Let's be clear about the knowledge and intent requirements. It isn't a defense to say "I didn't know this action was illegal." It is, however, a defense to say "I didn't know I was taking that action."  **Major** exception: A man goes into a 21+ bar that requires proof of age to enter, and chats up a woman.  They end up leaving together and having sex.  Turns out the "woman" is actually an underage girl with a fake ID.  Doesn't matter, dude goes down for statutory rape and is fucked for life.

	Score: 73
		> What scenario exists in which you receive classified info without knowing it's classified?   Well, the [WSJ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/clinton-emails-in-probe-dealt-with-planned-drone-strikes-1465509863) reported that most of the investigation centered around the U.S. ambassador to Pakistan and his concurrence or nonconcurrence to some CIA drone strikes, where staffers tried to talk around the issue within the limits of unclassified networks, around the holidays when several of them were on leave (and away from classified networks):  > It happened when decisions about imminent strikes had to be relayed fast and the U.S. diplomats in Pakistan or Washington didn’t have ready access to a more-secure system, either because it was night or they were traveling.  So it sounds a lot like the State Department officials tried to sanitize discussions about classified programs, and thought that their attempts to avoid mentioning the CIA, drones, or targets directly was good enough. The FBI investigation disagreed that those sanitization efforts went far enough.  That's how intent falls short. "I didn't know it was classified" becomes more plausible when they avoided discussing the details that made the programs classified. 

	Score: 73
		Thanks man. This is awesome

	Score: 68
		Um... The fbi knows. And they've decided there was nothing in there worth prosecuting over.

	Score: 53
		In criminal statutes, there's often an ambiguity in which elements require which state of mind.   Most circumstance-based elements don't require mens rea: It's a federal crime to murder a federal agent, even if the killer had no reason to suspect the victim was a federal agent. The federal prosecutor has to prove that the defendant intentionally acted with the purpose of killing a person, but doesn't have to prove anything about the defendant's state of mind with respect to the victim's identity.  Similarly, if a couple (aged 18 and 16) is camping near a state border where sexual acts would be a crime for the 18-year-old in one state, but not in another, the 18-year-old's state of mind on what state he's in doesn't matter. If he's in the wrong state, he's guilty of a crime.  With statutory rape, it differs from state to state whether that particular element requires a particular state of mind. Consult your local lawyer, and/or be super careful.

	Score: 50
		Corporate America sets email storage limits all the time. The company I just left had a 45 day window with an explicit no auto-archiving policy, and they were a Fortune 100 company.  Gmail is not a relevant example when corporations work very differently.

	Score: 50
		You have highlighted the problem with Reddit. Not you in particular, but I'll pick on you for an example.   "I'm not a lawyer but it seems to me..." It doesn't matter how it seems to you, as you aren't a lawyer. Law school exist precisely because what seems obvious to a lay person is often wrong. You don't know the terminology and its implications. You don't know the case law.   If you want to not be confused when a decision doesn't happen the way you think it should stop trusting your own judgment. Find experts and listen to theirs.

	Score: 47
		Are you sure? Don't be so quick on that.   >In this case I think the key takeaway from the FBI was that they could find no example where someone else had been charged under these laws without an evil intent  In OP's CMV, he states that a lesser employee who did the exact same thing would have been prosecuted. It is hard to imagine this not being the case. Evil intent is not the standard here. Criminal intent is what they are looking for; and that standard is as subjective as anything. The facts of the case state that Hillary had a private email server and was sending / receiving dozens of classified State Dept. emails - in addition to tens of thousands of emails of a less secret, but still sensitive nature.  Under the law, this is entirely illegal. I would argue the criminal intent here can be found in her response to being found out by the FBI. She: 1.) deleted nearly 30,000 emails before turning over her server to the FBI; and 2.) stated explicitly multiple times in her emails to skirt the laws and rules with respect to sending / receiving classified information.   She was not ignorant of the laws / rules and worked actively to destroy evidence relating to the case. These two things alone amount to at the very least criminal intent and at worst obstruction of justice (with respect to point 1 above). 

	Score: 44
		Part of what's happening here (I think) is that you don't agree with how some of these laws were written. A lot of these government records keeping laws don't have any criminal or even civil penalties associated whatsoever —their enforcement mechanisms are wholly administrative and so while they may attempt to apply to former employees, once someone leaves their government job the regulations are effectively moot.   *A letter

	Score: 43
		>If you step outside the Overton window that the mainstream media has painted for you, it is immediately obvious that the private server was a means of distributing national security information to foreign buyers under the cover of plausible deniability.  Haha, yep, you lost me there bud. I don't often listen to people who decide truth based off of what's "immediately obvious".

	Score: 39
		I think something should have happened to Hillary, but your statement that it is treason is nothing more than rhetoric. From the constitution:  >Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort. No person shall be convicted of treason unless on the testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act, or on confession in open court.  So while her arrogance/stupidity was IMO criminal, it wasn't treason.  



CMV: Giant burgers that people cannot feasibly bite into are bad.
=======================================

	Score: 669
		I would like to argue that giant burgers are not in themselves bad, but rather are only bad because they are difficult to eat and provide no obvious means of doing so.  While salads have their place, you don’t expect every bite to have every component of the salad in it. And so burgers are differentiated because they have flavors which (i agree with you) ought to be complimentary and taken together.  But the solution is not to limit the burger; the solution is better utensil usage.  I think that large burgers should be wide enough that they can be sliced without all the condiments falling out, and perhaps even could come pre-quartered. The appropriate utensil is a skewer, with which you stab the meat pile and insert lengthwise into your food hole.  TLDR; giant burgers aren’t useless, but they should be skewerable.

	Score: 243
		Hmm that's compelling. Like a kebab. !delta  Even so, a chef who makes a burger without that--isn't that a bad burger? It's sort of like really good noodles served with a spoon. If a chef made really good noodles knowing there was only a spoon, is that a good chef?

	Score: 235
		In my experience there are two phases of the burger. The presentation, a feast for the eyes if you will, has each layer clearly defined and thus is much larger than the person's mouth. It lets you see fresh toppings, allows separation from cool/hot items, and accentuates what makes a given burger unique or special.  The second phase is the eating phase, and I see no problem at this point with pressing the burger into a less visually stimulating form to facilitate consumption.  Yes, I'm saying I squash my burgers on the plate. Carefully, not so I'm pressing the grease or topping out of it, but to compress it into a more easier eaten size. That way, as another commenter said, I can enjoy all the layers together as intended and it also helps lock the parts together so I don't get loss as often. That's why the layering step is important, so you don't get ingredients that will fight or move in this step. Worst offender is tomato on lettuce, it effectively turns into black ice in the middle of the toppings.  Anyway, that's my take on it.

	Score: 103
		Nope. Your mouth is deeper than it is tall. So you can cut a slice thin enough to enter the vertical distance of your mouth when turned on its side and carry it there by fork into your mouth. The same way many people eat cake. 

	Score: 102
		But even if you press it, it's sometimes too big! And the burger form doesn't facilitate head tilts like a taco 

	Score: 96
		The cake analogy and mouth anatomical lessons changed my views. !delta

	Score: 80
		Nothing states that you have to eat a burger with your hands. It is perfectly acceptable to eat it with a knife and fork cutting out bite sized pieces. 

	Score: 61
		I'm confused because wouldn't that still mean I couldn't eat all the layers at once? Like if I cut my burger into eighths, but it's still too big to eat, then it doesn't answer my problems

	Score: 49
		I don’t think it’s necessarily a bad burger or a bad chef, but it’s definitely a poor decision on the restaurant’s part. I don’t know who gets the blame for this (the waitstaff? The owners?), but you’re right that it could indicate a bad fit for chef and the venue. An amazing pasta chef isn’t a “*bad* chef just because he works at McDonald’s; his skills are just Ill-suited to the particular work environment (and the restaurant owners should have recognized this and made changes, yes).

	Score: 40
		What do you mean by giant burgers?  Do you mean ones that are wide like a pizza, or ones that are tall from tons of patties/condiments?  If it's the tall one, I would say yes, that is hard swallow (pun intended).    I want to show you a [picture of a local burger shop's giant burger.](https://i.imgur.com/Rq6K4MY.jpg)  This is a big burger.  It's wide, but also tall.  What you may miss though is what is holding it together, a steak knife.   You are suppose to use this knife to cut the burger into slices like a pizza.  As you put pressure on the burger still, the bun will start to flatten.  These small slices are very easy to put in your mouth.  Even when I was a kid and we went here, I might have to eat it sideways, but I was always able to get it in my mouth.    In short, a tall burger may take more work to eat sure.  You are also though enjoying the experience for a "giant burger" which is certainly part of the fun.  Trying to find the best way to eat it.

	Score: 38
		Yeesh dude, you break easier than a giant burger! A burger is meant to be self-sustaining in it's structural integrity. If it needs a skewer then it is, like you said, a kebab and NOT a true (or good) burger.

	Score: 34
		But isn't that just turning it into something else? That burger would be better if it were a kebab. Hitler would be great if he were Mr. Rogers.

	Score: 34
		And burgers aren't eaten on skewers, so I guess it's a new kind of food.

	Score: 32
		Except that a cake is *meant* to be cut into pieces, while a burger is not. A burger is like a *cupcake*, not a cake. You should not have to cut a burger to eat it.

	Score: 22
		[removed]

	Score: 19
		I think this view is continued by the lack of understanding in the purpose of the skewer. The skewer is exactly for this purpose. Of course there is a limit to bite size but I routinely see people complaining about an unwieldy burger falling to pieces *after taking the skewer out.* Of course, ultimately you do not have to take a perfect vertical cross-section bite but can approach the construct in a more tangential way regardless.  Besides, this is rarely an issue when size would be an important limiting factor, like on the street or at a sporting event. Those burgers play to the inherent portability of the burger in a self-selecting way. In a restaurant the burger is not so limited but is still presented as a familiar format for the beef-and-friends ingredients. 

	Score: 19
		Yours is the top comment so I'll reply here but this is really intended for many comments ITT --   sandwiches in general and burgers in particular take cues from nature in that they come wrapped in their own, edible packaging. Requiring utensils to ingest a burger defeats half the point of this particular family of dishes. This is as blasphemous as unwrapping a burrito to eat it with a spoon or crushing a hard shell taco to eat the mix with a utensil. It's a step backwards in food evolution.

	Score: 13
		If it can't be smushed down enough to be picked up and eaten with the hands, then the chef is overstretching. And that's just bad cheffery.

	Score: 11
		Keburger. Burbab. Kebabger.

	Score: 9
		Kebabs don't have bread, though



CMV: LGBT-only schools are not a step in the right direction; they will not help tackle discrimination, only create a sense of "otherness"
=======================================

	Score: 212
		I don't disagree that schools like this may create more isolation for these students than they have now. However I don't think its an absolutely terrible idea either. It's true that it is hugely important to change the culture of bulling in schools and that segregation is not the answer for all students. But as an option for students who have been truly hurt and traumatised by their experiences a school that could have specialty programs for these students and in an environment where everyone is 'different' it may not be a bad idea. If the school was a last resort kind of option then really how can you oppose it. If there is a need for it it should be available. However I'd question the idea to limit this kind of school for LGBTQ students-it might be just as important for kids who are confused or who identify as straight.  I think the only true danger here is if this became the norm to segregate students, but as a one off I think it could be something really positive for the kids who most need something positive in their lives.

	Score: 148
		I hope that this doesn't fall the wrong side of Comment Rule 1, but the UK charity in question *isn't* looking into setting up an LGBT-only school, and doesn't seem to think that it would be a good idea. According to [the charity itself](http://www.lgbtyouthnorthwest.org.uk/2015/01/lgbt-school-setting-the-record-straight/) there has been some bad reporting.  They received funding to run an LGBT Centre, to set up and run a building for the local LGBT community and asked the community what they wanted from it - one of the things that has come up from this is the possibility of setting up an LGBT-inclusive school (not exclusive). They've said that if the community asks for a school they will look into setting one up, but don't have any plans to do that at the moment. And even if they did set up some kind of education thing it would be open to anyone regardless of sexuality (not to do so might well be illegal under equality laws).

	Score: 102
		Would it not be an issue, do you think, that Local Education Authorities (tier of local government that deals with educational matters within their remit) might use this to "dump" gay students, without addressing the underlying bullying in the regular schools?  I know it might come across as a bit of a "whataboutery" argument, so bare with me, but if it were the case that students from another minority (say, an ethnic group) that was the routine target of bullying, it wouldn't be an appropriate way to deal with this? The difference between this, and a school with severe learning difficulties and disabilities, is that a student with disabilities has very particular and specific needs and requirements that affect their education. A gay student wouldn't does not necessarily require schooling that's any different from non-gay students.

	Score: 58
		Religious schools don't exist as a means to stop bullying, but are arranged by those religious communities (particularly their institutional leaderships) as a means of providing special schooling aimed at promoting their own religious beliefs. (Let's ignore, for the moment, whether this is a good thing or not. I'm not arguing for value in religious schools, simply that they are aimed at teaching things not available in public schools.)  Do LGBTQ students require special classes aimed at teaching them something unique that they wouldn't learn in public schools?  

	Score: 46
		Hi!  I'm not knowledgeable about whether there is correlation between LGBT safe spaces and the reduction of homophobic attitudes, so I will not comment on that part of your argument. However, there is data that suggests a correlation between knowing gay people personally and having less negative attitudes towards our group as a whole: http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/assault/roots/overview.html - given that lgbt youth at these schools will be segregated away from the general school population, I suspect that the argument you made in the title may be correct.  What I seek to change your view on is this part of your argument:   >If I were gay, and growing up in a deeply homophobic environment as student under the age of 16, I can't see how this would be to my benefit.  Do you really think that a 16 year old would benefit from a 'deeply homophobic environment' as opposed to a school which has specialised policies for dealing with homophobia? 56% of LGBT students experience discriminatory school practices. Here is a flyer showing what being in school today is like for an LGBT kid: http://www.glsen.org/sites/default/files/NSCS_infographic_FINAL.pdf  Homophobia directly impacts GPA and likelihood of going to College. And I'm sure you already know about the links between suicide and homophobia.   I completely agree with you that these schools are not a good long-term solution to society's problems with homophobia. But where is a better place for that hypothetical 16 year old to go now, today? The tolerant LGBT affirming school, or their 'deeply homophobic environment' school where they have a statistically higher chance to perform worse, drop out, kill themselves?  >I've known plenty of LGBTQ people, they aren't immune from having deeply homophobic attitudes themselves. It is a view also held by some gay people that "bisexuality" is simply "indecisiveness", that "queer" is a buzzword, and transsexuality isn't necessarily wholly accepted by all either. There are preconceptions and ideals as to how a "gay man" should act like, and expectations for lesbians from other lesbians as well ("lipstick lesbian", "dykes" etc). If the objective was to "take sexuality out of the classroom", I can only see this as failing, because they can't ensure freedom from discrimination, even between themselves.  You're damn right that this is a problem. But safe spaces have been really cracking down on bi-and-trans phobia lately from what I've noticed, and while they may not be perfect I think I make a safe bet in assuming that safe spaces will be on the leading edge of addressing and punishing these forms of discrimination, with the rest of society lagging behind. And until they catch up, students will learn better and have better mental health outcomes in schools like this.

	Score: 32
		That's not a good reason to separate students into different schools.

	Score: 30
		there are catholic schools and there are Muslim schools and then there are non denominational public schools. Yes muslim and catholic students may be bullied in public schools. But they are not shunted off to the closest religious school to get them out of the way. However by having an option of going to a school that supports the culture/beliefs of students, it allows some children to thrive. I say if there is a demand for it then build it. In most cases there will still be LGBTQ students in public schools but the very vulnerable ones can be in a more supportive environment. 

	Score: 26
		In the UK (relating to op's post) religious schools are predominantly state funded.

	Score: 24
		There is a big difference between enforced segregation and voluntary choices for education.  The US has a number of ethnic schools which parents can send their kids to by choice, not through segregated demand of government. I don't see much of a difference.

	Score: 23
		There was one kid that was outed as gay while we were in school, and he dropped out because of the bullying and was home schooled instead. This is sort of the situation the new school is trying to address.  The idea isnt to instantly take out all the pupils that idenfity as gay and segregate them in a new school, but allow those who otherwise are not given a safe environment to learn in a new chance to go to school.  Each school is different, and it's unfortunate to say that those in low income areas are more likely to have problems with bullying.

	Score: 21
		I went to a school in Britain that was religious and as a gay kid, that was tough. But the root problem there was that my parents chose my school and although it was good academically, it took a lot of work to stop hating myself for being gay.  Although this seems extreme, I can understand it. And if demand is there I don't see why parents shouldn't be allowed to choose this for their kids, the same way they can already make a hundred choices for themselves. The UK is failing their gay children. Homophobia in my experience has been slowly getting worse in the last ten years. Progress is being made in parliament, but not with public opinion.  I'm not sure we should leave these kids in mainstream for the sake of some straight people that need to experience that to not be prejudiced and hateful. We need to work out why they're hateful in the first place, not sacrifice these kids for other's benefit.  Although it may not be a good long term solution, a scheme like the gifted and talented for lgbt teens may be a better long term solution.  

	Score: 18
		I would say that I agree that LGBT-only schools are a bad idea. I think that the LGBT Youth North West people would agree as well. The charity isn't thinking of setting up an LGBT-only school, more that it would be a school run by an LGBT-charity, and thus welcoming of anyone regardless of sexuality.  However, given that they have a single building, they may be thinking more along the lines of running an educational programme (more like a Sunday school) rather than a full-time school.  In terms of what you wrote, I would perhaps suggest striking out the first paragraph and the links (which are misleading), noting that there has been some mis-reporting around that issue, but stating instead that you think the idea of an LGBT-only (or even LGBT-focused) school is a bad idea.

	Score: 18
		I would be careful with this argument for one reason, even if it is a good legal comparison: Religious schools are, by definition, pushing their religious agenda in one way or another. Comparing an LGBTQ school to a religious school subtly implies that that school is somehow pushing an agenda (which I suppose it is? Queer acceptance?). Idk, it just struck me as a point to be made carefully.

	Score: 17
		The United States dabbled with something like that. "Separate but equal". It didn't work out well. 

	Score: 17
		The commenters in this thread have proven over and over again that they don't understand the difference between segregation and sanctuary. 

	Score: 17
		Sex ed might have more variety.

	Score: 16
		Are you an american?  You know what *the civil rights movement* was? You might be surprised segregation was a thing in america for white and black students, segregation which often had similar arguments as these lgbtq only schools have for their existence.  Learn from america, segregation does not solve shit, it creates problems, no amount of you arguing otherwise is going to change what has actually happened in the past. 

	Score: 13
		I agree that this seems like a terrible idea.  On the point of bullying. I can't imagine it would take long before bullies hang outside 'the gay school' at 4pm for a bit of abusing and beating outside of the teachers' view. That's not even mentioning the psychological impacts of telling LGBT kids they're different and need to go to a different school. Or kids not feeling comfortable coming out because they fear being taken away from their friends. God, the more I think about this idea the worse it sounds.

	Score: 13
		The world is NOT a safe space, and it is not as easy as just "enforcing it better". I'd love to live in a world where that's the case, but we don't, and designated safe spaces for queer youth are *really* important.

	Score: 12
		paraphrasing but the court case the finally desegregated schools ruled that separate-but-equal schools are inherently unequal because they make black children feel like they are lesser citizens.  I doubt it would be any different for LGBT students.



CMV: Religious beliefs are essentially opinions and should not be given more weight than any other type of belief or opinion.
=======================================

	Score: 173
		>In the US, there are various exceptions and accommodations for religious beliefs  True, and these are typically extended to nonreligious firmly held beliefs.  Conscientious objectors did not have to be Quakers or Amish - atheists could qualify as well.  >If applied to other characteristics of individuals, such as race for example  We do not and will not permit religious discrimination on the basis of things as important as race.  Racial prejudice, whether enshrined in laws such as slavery and later Jim Crow, or enforced by private compacts was a terrible scourge that led to so many deaths and so much suffering.  If for whatever reason we come as a society to believe that sexual orientation is in this category, religious freedom won't protect it.    >Religious beliefs are simply beliefs, and in a pluralistic society it does not make sense to continually grant exceptions to laws based on one category of beliefs without granting exceptions based on all categories. If anyone, for any reason, could say "I do not want to serve gay individuals at my restaurant", that would be one thing. But the policies being discussed grant that right-of-denial based only on religious beliefs.  The real category is "firmly held beliefs".  We say religious because they tend to be, but of course some philosophical beliefs can be as strong and tend to be accepted for the religious exemptions alongside the genuinely religious ones.  But we want to distinguish between "my faith demands I not work on the Sabbath" and "I feel lazy today".

	Score: 75
		About your first point, from what I understand it is practically very difficult to be given conscientious objector status for non-religious opposition to war. I am not an expert on this though. I would be 100% for any "firmly held belief" being treated equally, including religious ones. In my original post, I was simply pointing out my perception that such beliefs are seemingly given a higher status by our courts and by public opinion.  About sexual orientation, we recently had a Supreme Court decision deciding on Constitutional grounds that gay people can get married. During oral arguments, Roberts even seemed to be sympathetic to the argument that it would be simple sex discrimination to prevent same-sex marriage, even if he ultimately didn't concur. I would argue that many Americans (perhaps a majority) are already there on sexual orientation: although even if they were not, would it be permissible to discriminate? I understand a republic is a numbers game, but part of our system is also designed to protect the unpopular from a majority faction.

	Score: 48
		[deleted]

	Score: 47
		I don't disagree with you. I just think that this does not address my main point: why religious beliefs but not other beliefs?  Let me give you an example: you can find professors of ethics who have deep and thorough knowledge of hundreds of years of debate on ethics. Let's say one of these professors retires and starts a company. She's an atheist but has a sincere belief that she should not provide birth control, in the same manner as Hobby Lobby. I do not think her saying "Look, I am an ethics professor, I have studied this and come to this conclusion after years of thought" would hold as much sway as a religious belief did in that case. Even though one could make a reasonable argument that she should be taken extra-seriously, having professionally studied ethics and having come to a conclusion on that basis.  This discrepancy lead to me original post. 

	Score: 42
		Deeply held beliefs that don't work against the public good are a solid reason to create exemptions in both the laws and the social expectations that society puts on individuals, but the obvious flaw in allowing these exceptions is the ease with which a person can lie about what they believe. Normally, religious beliefs are shared by significant numbers and are codified or long observed across persons. This makes them easier to validate as legitimate. Also, protecting religious freedom often goes hand and hand with allowing communities and ethnic groups to maintain a sense of personal identity, as they're normally strongly identified with a set of religious beliefs and practices. Most religious wars and conflicts are really conflicts about self-determination and personal identify. 

	Score: 41
		Religious "beliefs" aren't really just beliefs.  I mean, some of them are.  But, for example, Jews don't eat pork.  (Well, I just had bacon-wrapped steak tips, but many *other* Jews don't.)  Why?  They don't believe that pork is bad, or that it should be illegal for pork to exist, or whatever.  They follow the prohibition because the Torah tells them to, and on a wider scale, they follow the Torah because that's who they are, on a cultural level, and for many of them it's because they believe God directly told them what to do via the Torah.  It's less "I believe that this should be done" and more "I *have* to do this; it's my religion".  Maybe Christians and members of other religions see things differently.  That's OK; all religions are different.  The problem comes when your religious "beliefs" conflict with someone else's rights.  I think it would be crazy to let religious beliefs, as different as they are from just opinions, dictate how others are treated.  "Hobby Lobby" was a very interesting example, and I think the way it was resolved was shameful.  I have the right to healthcare; if you have the responsibility to provide it to me, you don't get to weasel out of it due to your religious "beliefs", because one way or another I still need to get my healthcare.  If you need special accommodations made, fine, so long as I get my healthcare!  The key here is this phrase: "If you need special accommodations made, fine".  Religious "beliefs" are far more important to ourselves than mere opinions; they're held as inviolable rules for behavior as well as cultural identity markers.  How we behave according to religious rules is *important*.  So, we need to be able to practice our own religions in peace so long as it doesn't run over anyone else's rights, and if it *does* run over someone else's rights, reasonable accommodations must be made to preserve those rights as well as yours.  The hospital that contracts birth control to a third party is an example; patients still get the care they need, but some workaround is necessary.  Religious "beliefs" are worth protecting because they are singularly important to the people who hold them, but the people's rights are even more important than that.

	Score: 34
		You seem to be comparing the treatment of black people at it's worst to the treatment of gay people now in north america.  Are you under the impression that gay people weren't being killed for being gay in the west, or that they aren't in other places even now?

	Score: 33
		I'd say no, if your belief system leads you to deny employment to people with other beliefs, then that infringes on someone else's religious freedom.  I guess I have this idea in my head of a "personal sphere" and a "public sphere". In your personal sphere, you can have your own beliefs, go to whichever house of worship you want, talk the way you want, associate with whomever you want, and generally yolo. In the public sphere, it's more complicated. This is where commerce happens and governmental policies are applied. And in this sphere, we have obligations to not be jerks to others on the basis of shared citizenship. One way to be a jerk would be to refuse to transact with someone based on something like race or sexual orientation, or to refuse to hire them because their religion is different even though they are qualified.  It seems to me that the interpretation of religious freedom being pushed is: I can push my private sphere into the public sphere. If everyone can push their private beliefs out into public, maybe that's fine, but we're delimiting one class of beliefs.

	Score: 27
		**Any** exception is too much.   And it's not tiny nor are emergencies exempt.  https://www.google.com/amp/s/feministuppityandblack.com/2016/04/02/being-anti-choice-didnt-save-me-from-needing-an-abortion/amp/  >During the 12-13th week of my second pregnancy I awoke in the middle of the night to the feeling of wetness between my thighs. A quick inspection found a pink discharge. So I rushed to the hospital ER.  After being given a once over I was told to go home, rest and return if I began to bleed. “You may be having a miscarriage but you aren’t right now” they said.  >By mid morning I was bleeding; heavily. This time they gave me an ultrasound. They let me know I was indeed having a miscarriage. I was informed the fetus had not developed normally. The embryo had actually stopped growing at 8-9 weeks, but since they detected a faint heartbeat and this was a Catholic hospital they could not do a D&C (*cough* abortion). There policy is NO ABORTIONS. I was again instructed to go home, rest and wait. At this point I, an uninsured low wage worker had made 2 visits to the ER and could see the bills piling up.  >Within a few hours of returning home I was experiencing bad cramping, passing big blood clots and bleeding so heavily that I took my young daughters diapers to catch the blood, a normal pad was not enough. I was afraid if I went back to the hospital they weren’t going to do anything. Frankly, we didn’t have the money for another fruitless visit. When you have basically been patted on the head and told to go home twice it’s easy to feel that way. So I carried on with my day as normal. I was sitting on the phone with a friend at my mother’s apartment next door when I fell out of my chair and passed out. All can remember the feeling of the cold floor and my husband’s voice saying “oh my God wake up” while my grandmother yelled “call an ambulance”. By the time the ambulance arrived I was going into shock and my veins were collapsing making starting an IV hard. I was in and out of consciousness on the ride to the hospital. At that moment I had no idea how much blood I had lost or that I was really close to death. I was well aware by the time we arrived at the hospital. I could feel it and the reactions of staff confirmed it.  >It took five tries to start another IV line for the blood transfusion I was now in need of, in fact the doctor had to come and do it. My most vivid memory is of my family doctor (a former Ob/Gyn), who was now working his ER shift, yelling in the hall “WHO THE FUCK SENT HER HOME! She could have died!” After they stabilized me a bit I was rushed to emergency surgery for a D&C (abortion they just call it by another name so you feel better) to remove any remaining tissue from my body and stop me from continuing to bleed uncontrollably. It was to be performed by the same Ob/Gyn who had sent me home, twice.  >As I was about to be put under I said to the anesthesiologist “please don’t let him kill me”. All I wanted in that moment was to get home to my little twin girls. After surgery I was placed on the maternity floor. The nurse on duty found me crying and said “don’t worry, you’re young you can have more”. Not only was there no compassion for my experience but no acknowledgment that I had just avoided death. After a day in the hospital and almost a week off work my life slowly returned to normal. What angers me is it didn’t have to be like that.  It's not difficult to find other stories like this. Religious exceptions hurt people and endanger lives.  EDIT: Oh, they can also refuse your end-of-life wishes. If you have a DNR you better hope you aren't taken to a Catholic hospital because they'll ignore it.    

	Score: 27
		This post has nothing to do with the validity or worth of religion, it's about allowing belief in a religion to influence laws in a way that other beliefs do not. There's nothing about hating on religious people or their culture...

	Score: 25
		It definitely is more difficult as a practical matter (of evidence) to be given conscientious objector status for non-religious opposition to war.  I mean, anyone can claim they are a pacifist when they're drafted, but do you have any proof that you deeply meant it.  For the religious folks, it's easier to provide that evidence - you can prove that you spent hours a week going to services and meetups and you have people who can vouch that you've done so.  Some nonreligious folks have the same thing, or writings, and they're fine - but if you just sort of internally thought about it without telling other people or writing it down, how do you prove you really mean it?  >any Americans (perhaps a majority) are already there on sexual orientation: although even if they were not, would it be permissible to discriminate  Maybe so, and sounds good, but it's not the same category really.  African Americans were subject to a violent conspiracy of people who would beat and kill them for stepping out of line, and beat each other for abetting them.  Gay people are subject to a few non-mainstream people here and there refusing them a cake or flower arrangement, using it as an excuse to be bullies, etc.  The resources and power needed to beat a conspiracy is huge.  The resources and power needed to beat a few holdouts that have no real social support is "wait a bit and they'll come around".  I don't want to endorse homophobia, but it's just on its way out without the need for massive intervention.

	Score: 25
		I have a deep respect for religious people, am close friends with many, and read religious thinkers on morality, so...

	Score: 25
		In general it's a better time to be a minority now than it was in the past.  That's why I find it odd to see comparisons of how one group of people were treated a generation ago compared to how a different one is treated now.  I see that as odd and questionable if they're presented as a flat comparison.  You could just as easily look at how both blacks and gays were treated in the 50s, 60s, 80s, or whatever period you like, but you're instead looking at the past of one group and the present of another.

	Score: 24
		I understand the belief/opinion point you are making, but practically if I say "I believe the earth is round" vs "My opinion is that the earth is round", in a sense both are beliefs and opinions, and we are simply disagreeing about the certainty of the individual. That being said, if I say "I believe in racial discrimination", indicating that I am very confident that there should be racial discrimination, does that make it any less wrong?  I think your third paragraph is the most convincing to me, the simple fact that religion is a long-established way to express sincere beliefs. We do not think people convert religions or go to church for false reasons. It is a public and socially accepted mark of sincerity, which is perhaps why politicians cling so closely to it.  The fourth paragraph about practicality, I also have some sympathy for. There are questions of undue burdens, using force to compel "tolerance", and all kinds of messy things like that. That being said, I think I disagree on grounds of consistency: I would say the argument "we should not compel with state force the Little Sisters of the Poor to provide birth control" is one deserving serious consideration. My disagreement comes because it appears to me that the legal system would not give the same serious consideration to the owner of a hospital who advanced an identical argument on secular, say Kantian, grounds. I just think it should be both get serious consideration, or neither do. I'm not necessarily saying one is better than the other.  EDIT: a word  EDIT: Δ, I should give credit where it's due.

	Score: 23
		[deleted]

	Score: 23
		What a nonsense comment.  OP has shown exactly zero hatred towards the religious, and has demonstrated a keen knowledge of why they think the way they do.  You've detracted from the (very interesting) conversation that this CMV has elicited.

	Score: 21
		> I was simply pointing out my perception that such beliefs are seemingly given a higher status by our courts and by public opinion.  This is because religion *is* enshrined in our law.  > Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion  Now sure, from a deontological perspective, you can question whether a legal system should distinguish religious views from opinions, but at least within the U.S. legal system, there is precedent going all the way to the Constitution for religion, and by extension respect for religious views, to be afforded a distinct legal status.  -----  To separately respond to your OP, there are a couple of points I think are worth considering:  * Businesses are not allowed to discriminate on the basis of "race, color, religion, sex, or national origin" per the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which is legitimate law largely because of powers the Court attributed to Congress in cases such as *Wickard* and *Heart of Atlanta Motel*. These restrictions are *not* because of the Equal Protection Clause, which affects only *federal and state governments*. * Discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation is in a weird state right now. There are some protections against it, but nothing comprehensive at the federal level yet.     * Historically and legally, there have been distinct legal classifications for groups of people who have been discriminated against: [suspect classes and quasi-suspect classes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suspect_classification#Federal_classifications). Roughly speaking, these classifications afford the members of these classes strong legal protections (specifically, if the government wants to pass legislation discriminating against them, it needs to show that it not only has the power to pass such legislation, but also needs to demonstrate a need for said legislation, the extent of which depends on the class).     * Neither *Hollingsworth* nor *Windsor*, the two major same-sex marriage cases, really did anything to establish sexual orientation as a suspect class or quasi-suspect class at the *federal* level. The Second Circuit, did, however, recognize sexual orientation as a quasi-suspect class. * "in a pluralistic society it does not make sense to continually grant exceptions to laws based on one category of beliefs without granting exceptions based on all categories" - except no one else except hardcore anti-gay Christians are asking for any such exceptions.

	Score: 20
		∆  It's not a full delta, but this argument is the most convincing I have heard so far, and I've partially changed my view based on it. According weight to religious beliefs has two benefits that personally-held beliefs do not: 1) religion has a long tradition of being a venue for sincerely held beliefs, further the freedom of religion in the US makes it likely that people are professing what they believe, because they can change churches (shoutout to /u/dunce_confederacy for pointing this out too); 2) The organization of a religion gives a clarity to what the belief is (codification), and gives confidence to authorities that the belief is not made up on the spot for an ulterior reason.  Thanks!!

	Score: 17
		>Do you want to make Christian bakers bake cakes for gay weddings against their conscience? Do you want the Little Sisters of the Poor to arrange for birth control against their conscience? There are other avenues for people to get wedding cakes and birth control - why be so petty as to seek to force someone to go along with your beliefs?  I take it you'd be in favor of racist business owners refusing service to blacks? After all they are just expressing their beliefs.

	Score: 17
		[deleted]



CMV: If you migrate to a county you should learn their language.
=======================================

	Score: 748
		The United States actually has no official languages, and there are plenty of communities in the US where Spanish *is* a primary language. Languages other than English are clearly in common usage in many communities in the US, but even governmental proceedings aren't conducted exclusively in English here. In Louisiana, all government services and documents are provided in both English and French. In New Mexico and many other localities, all government services and documents are provided in both English and Spanish because those are the main languages spoken in New Mexico. In Chicago, nearly all official things are available in English, Spanish, Chinese, and Polish, because those are the main languages spoken in Chicago. There's nothing inherently American about English. For the most part, we're all descended from immigrants of somewhere and we tend to speak what our ancestors spoke unless it makes things too logistically complex. Even most countries that do have official languages have more than one official language (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_multilingual_countries_and_regions), so there's no reason that multiple languages can't be spoken simultaneously in the United States.  Also, I want to note that there are plenty of Americans living abroad who do not learn the official languages of where they live. Sure, if you do want to learn a language it's a great idea to live somewhere where lots of people speak that language (even if that's inside the United States) so that you can build your language skills by interacting with native speakers, but that doesn't imply at all that it's necessary to learn to speak the primary local language to live somewhere if you don't want to. When I was studying in Europe, many of the American students and expats I met had not made any serious efforts to learn the local languages and were getting along just fine--it's very easy to manage in only English in big cities in most Western European and Northern European countries. I haven't traveled extensively other places, but to the best of my understanding the same is true in significant portions of Asia, Africa, and South America--American expats generally seem to get by just fine even if they mostly only speak English. I know that in large cities in France, where the sole official language is French, fluency in English is all but required for most roles that involve any customer service or public relations. I wouldn't be too surprised if the same ultimately becomes true of Spanish in certain regions of the United States. Similarly, most people I interacted with in the Netherlands and in Norway were able to interact with me in English and those who couldn't usually apologized for not speaking English even though I was obviously never offended. In these few cases, we just did our best with translation apps or someone who did speak English stepped in to help translate. I don't see why that shouldn't work in the US for Spanish speakers--most people in the US now speak at least some Spanish.

	Score: 408
		For clarification, how were you speaking to your Aunt if you spoke no Spanish and she speaks no English?   Or is it the case that she speaks some English but is more comfortable in Spanish, while you also speak some Spanish and more comfortable in English?

	Score: 314
		It was more of a nod and yes no type questions. I know some Spanish through school and got the general idea she was trying to convey using context clues. But this was at a friend's house who I visit regularly. I am certain that her English is limited to the most basic words: food, drink, bathroom, etc. We need a translator for all deeper communication. 

	Score: 213
		> I am in an area where Spanish is spoken regularly only because it is close to the border.  So it's not just your aunt, but the entire area that speaks Spanish? Maybe you should assimilate and learn Spanish then. Unless you are not planning to live in the area and were just visiting.

	Score: 156
		Maybe its not *in writing* official, but out of 325 million people, 238 million speak English at home, and 40 million speak Spanish at home. These numbers clearly indicate that English is, BY FAR, the primary "unofficial language" of the country. 73% English, 12% Spanish. 6 times as common. It is also the choice of 30 states to in fact be the *official* language, as well as it being the official language used by public schools in America, except in Billingual immersion courses (ESL, or English Second Language)  OP is pointing out the societal implications of this problem. Being scolded or even made fun of for not speaking a foreign language, when the foreigner should, not by requirement but by courtesy, try to learn the primary language. After 22 years of being in a country, it will be clear if effort was made at all by the foreigner. If they can't speak after 22 years, they were lazy and inconsiderate by expecting other people to do the work for them, when they never had to be here.

	Score: 150
		>The reason it is spoken regularly is because people don't know the common language.   If it is used regularly, wouldn't that make Spanish the "common language" there?

	Score: 123
		That's a difference perspective I hadn't thought of but I guess I wasn't specific enough. I meant that person's who go to a country intending to live there should do there best to assimilate. I am in an area where Spanish is spoken regularly only because it is close to the border. And I understand people build communities where shops and grocery stores can be primarily in that person's native language allowing them to never have the need but I still think it's best to try. 

	Score: 122
		Let's say, hypothetically, that there was a town in Mexico just south of the border where there was a high percentage of American transplants. Let's say that in this town, English is the primarily spoken language, and you got offered a job there. You go through the immigrations process, do all of your due diligence, and meet every requirement to live there. 20 years pass, and you're still living there. Most of the younger generation are bilingual, but English is the day to day language for 90% of the population.  Then some kid comes in and tells you to learn Spanish, despite the area speaking predominantly English. The country, he tells you, speaks Spanish, despite not having any requirements for an immigrant or citizen to know Spanish. Despite your area speaking English as its day to day language. Heck, you've lived there for 20 years without speaking Spanish! Learning it wouldn't be assimilating to the local culture, it would be assimilating to the culture of a place you didn't move, because someone who lives far away has decided that the culture that actually exists in the place that you live isn't Mexican enough.  If you moved to a place that spoke English, why should you have to learn Spanish 20 years later?

	Score: 118
		But if a large portion of the population know Spanish then Spanish is the common language too, ya feel me? It's probable that the only places that aunt needs to know English are the post office and the pizza place, two sides of the same coin, bud. The younger people in the family probably speak English relatively well, right? This is incredibly common and just fine as far as I'm concerned; learning a language is difficult and if she will have hardly any use for it and probably doesn't have the extra income or resources to learn then why suffer through that if a large portion of the community also speaks her language? There are places like this all over the country and a lot of them are great places that remind me of what's great about America; I love that I can go eat Korean food with people who primarily speak Korean and then go to a Spanish speaking grocery store, that's something that you can't do anywhere else. My feeling on this topic is that this is a free country, dammit, and if not learning English had worked for her this long then who cares, let her do it, there are people doing way worse and weirder shit, this doesn't even matter.

	Score: 106
		I've lived in Germany for three years. Most germans are fluent in English and would rather speak English with me and other expats than German. As a result, many of my colleagues speak german at the most basic level and can't participate in conversations in the local language. Some are completely comfortable in this situation and others are frustrated by it. Personally, I recognize the fact that speaking the local language has opened up many doors for me, both business and personal. I sometimes have a hard time imagining how somebody could function in their day to day without the local language.   I think in your case,  their coping mechanism is to paint you as the outsider they spend their lives as.

	Score: 98
		"I must apologize to you in advance, my english is absolutely terrible."  -Germans

	Score: 93
		Dude, you’re missing the main point. The US *does not have an official language*. English is *not the official language of the US.*  If more people in the area speak Spanish, then Spanish is the common language.  And if you want to get really petty about it, Spanish was probably spoken there long before English made any headway... and native Central American languages were there LONG before that!  Edit: formatting  Second edit: I also really want to make the point that ideally, in a community with strong, inclusive social fabric, *everyone would learn both languages* because they’d be so engaged with all the people that lived around them that it would happen naturally. Let’s strive for that reality, hey!

	Score: 77
		Not the OP but I'm in a similar situation, my Chinese is very poor and my mum's English is also poor. We communicate very poorly and use very basic baby words, a blend of the 2 languages but mostly Chinese. Can't hold an intelligent conversation.

	Score: 72
		Learning the ‘primary’ language is only necessary if you want to have an easier time/ profession in our society. There isnt anything wrong with not learning it but obviously youll be handicapped Theres an important distinction between heritage and nationalism Your aunt probably wants you to be more immersed in your heritage whereas you feel that its time for her to adopt a more americanized perspective (which is understandable given her circumstances are different now)

	Score: 71
		[deleted]

	Score: 65
		Have you ever tried it? No really. Have you ever worked full time (possibly multiple jobs, possibly while also raising children and keeping house) and tried to learn a foreign language at the same time?  I've been living in Korea for over 7 years now. I have many of the same difficulties Spanish speakers in the US come across. I live in a community with mostly English speakers, I speak only English at work, almost all of my friends speak English to some degree, and my life is very busy. I probably work fewer hours than the average immigrant in the US and am not responsible for a spouse nor children, so my life may actually be far easier.  However, even after years of self-study, practicing with friends, and even one year spent attending classes at a Korean university, I'm intermediate level at best. Learning a foreign language is not easy. It takes real effort, dedication, and time. Not everyone can do it.

	Score: 63
		I think that's FlyKanga's point though.  America doesn't have an official language. Although English might be the language that a majority of people speak in America at the moment, it doesn't make it the correct or official language of the country.   Since America has no official language no one is obligated to learn English and the language that allows you to get around and live your life the easiest way will be the one that's used. In the way you've described, your friends aunt lives in a small specialized place that affords her the freedom to speak the language she's most accustomed to without having to learn English. 

	Score: 54
		Just to clarify this was a friend's aunt. Not my own. While I do have Hispanic backgrounds I am 3rd generation here and was never taught at home (I wish I was though). I only know a little Spanish from school. 

	Score: 53
		Yeah, most people speak English, but you forgot the part where there are *communities* that don't speak English.  Let's suppose a middle-aged Peruvian woman comes to the states with her family, lives in a Latino neighborhood in LA where everyone speaks Spanish fluently (aka, Hispanic), all the businesses in that neighborhood are run by Hispanics, her dentist and her doctor are both Hispanic, she works double shifts as a waitress in a restaurant frequented by Hispanics, she watches Telemundo in the evening, her children speak English, so if any legal problems come up then she can ask them for help.  This woman comfortably spends her entire life in Spanish. She's middle-aged. She works and cares for a family. Learning a language is difficult and an enormous time commitment. She doesn't have the time, energy, or (most importantly) the money to learn English.   Is it really "fair" to force her to learn English just so when she bumps into some white people in LA County, they don't have to feel awkward?

	Score: 50
		I believe the difference is you're trying whereas the Aunt is laughing and refusing to attempt. 



CMV:People who aren't open to donate their own organs or another body part should not be given one when they need it themselves.
=======================================

	Score: 608
		This goes against a core principle of ethics in medicine. Doctors swear an oath to help their patients. Their job is not to judge who deserves organs. We already prioritize donors over non-donors as recipients. The only scenario where your suggestion would come into play is if a person isn't behind any donors on the list and is being denied an organ anyway.

	Score: 296
		Question: Do you care if the would be donor is living or dead? Just because many more people are willing to be an organ donor after death than be alive. Also, living donors have to go through surgrey and increase their rise of health problems. So if someone refuses a live donation but constent to organ donation upon death, would they be eligible to receive a transplant?

	Score: 276
		Coercing people into registering as a donor is corrosive to the whole enterprise of organ donation. The virtue (of organ donation) is all but lost when you pressure people into signing up for it. You're not going to see an increase in support for organ donation, you're really only disadvantaging people who might not want to donate their organs for perfectly valid personal reasons.  Now, if you're just looking to increase the number of organ donors, there are much less coercive and discriminatory ways of doing that. Most organ donation legislation currently revolves around opt-in systems. That is, a person has to explicitly state they want to donate their organs. A way of increasing the number of donors in a tried and proven way is to introduce an opt-out kind of system. The basic premise is "everyone is an organ donor, unless you explicitly state you don't want to be, in which case - no harm, no foul".   That latter system is effective at both increasing available organs and maintaining meaningful choice. It does diminish the virtue of it, though, I will grant you that. Most importantly, it doesn't deny people from receiving the best possible care that can be provided to them on the basis of their life choices. It's my opinion that everyone is entitled to that best possible care.

	Score: 249
		If you are open to donate after your death you should be seen as an organ donor. Those people are even the best type of donators, because of the many varieties of tissue they donate.

	Score: 179
		Applying an opt-out system where you are automatically registered as a donor, but you can decide to withdraw from that by changing that.   I think that proper regulations can help those problems that you are pointing out. Regulations like giving someone more time to decide their stance on this decision. 

	Score: 173
		I don't think I understood your point. Do you mean that religious people believe that they don't want to donate because of the afterlife? If so then I guess they wouldn't want any donations either since that would promote the donation of organs. 

	Score: 158
		Absolutely they should when those beliefs affect other people. Just like I don't want fundamentalists to legislate against abortion, I don't want people to demand donations while refusing to contribute themselves. They can have their beliefs and refuse to donate, but then they don't get to also demand special treatment.

	Score: 145
		There are more people who need organs than there are organs available. No matter who gets them, others are left without. So. A factor in determining whom to prioritize should be whether or not they themselves were willing, in the case of their death, to be a donor. You can have your bodily autonomy, whether you appeal to religion or some other reason, but if you are saying "even if I die, I don't want to help others" then you don't get to demand to be given a transplant that someone else needed too.  Do you understand the argument? We are not punishing anyone for holding a religious belief. We are saying, we can't help everyone, and when you are not prepared to be on the helping side, you don't get priority over someone who is. If the only person who can make use of a certain heart belongs to a religion that bans organ donations, great, help them (the hypocrite). But if it's between them and someone who didn't refuse to help, then absolutely prioritize the person who was prepared to help.  We are not saying you can't have an ambulance if you didn't call one for someone else, we are saying there is only one ambulance and two people need it. Let's send it to the one who did call for one for someone else.

	Score: 126
		What is all this talk about the "virtue" of organ donation?  I don't care how "virtuous" organ donating is perceived to be... nobody should care. All that should matter is that organs are available for those in need.  I agree with you that OPs method *probably* wouldn't lead to a rise in donors (simply because nobody *expects* to need an organ) and that an opt-out system would work wonders... but if donations are not up to demand, I see no reason why we *shouldn't* consider whether someone has opted-in (or hasn't opted-out) when deciding who gets a particular organ. One organ, two otherwise equal candidates... why not give it to the person willing to feedback into the system? 

	Score: 105
		The equivalent would be to not finance people who pay less taxes.    A society based on a "tit for tat" it very cruel from a macro perspective, as organ donation is not a transaction, it's a health care necessity.    Imagine if in hospital emergency rooms you only got treatment proportional to your charitable activity or on how you have treated others?

	Score: 104
		That's a massive difference imo, not really what the OP was talking about.

	Score: 90
		How do you tell that someone was open about not wanting to donate? What would be the criteria? Obviously it would have to be something bigger than just saying 'I don't want to donate' because someone can easily fake it just because he doesn't want to have that transplantation for some reasons. What is more someone may lie. He didn't want to donate but now he tells you that he wanted (which is not true) and now you have to belive it. Any other options? Let's say you can only give that donation to a person who donated something. That's not fair, what if someone didn't have a chance or time to add himself to the donation lists. How do you want to do this? I agree with you but to make it real you need to have a way of telling who wanted and who didn't want to donate 

	Score: 90
		Quite a few religions believe that the body must be prepared a certain way upon death so that person can go to the afterlife. In their thoughts organ donation spoils the body and prevents them from moving on. They don't really care about what people outside their religion do, because only people that follow said religion can reach their afterlife. So based on their beliefs, they could not be an organ donor upon death.   Back to my second question, do you think medical treatment should be denied based on a person's beliefs?

	Score: 80
		[Source](http://www.nephrologynews.com/us-policy-that-gives-priority-to-prior-organ-donors-who-need-a-transplant-is-working/) To clarify, prior living organ donors (meaning people who have already actually donated) get priority, not everyone who indicates they'd be willing to donate. 

	Score: 79
		Okay, do you think the preparation of the body upon death impacts the person in the afterlife?  Do you think people who disagree with society's beliefs should be denied medical treatment? For example, should a doctor should refuse to treat a war criminal's wound or a pedophile's broken arm.

	Score: 75
		The argument would be more like "People who aren't open to getting **any** job and paying a certain amount of tax aren't entitled to certain public services". I firmly believe that we as a society should take care of eachother. If you do not participate at paying your taxes (only if you are able to pay ofcourse) you should be excluded from using the services that are paid with taxmoney. I don't believe that you should be able to benefit from anything if you actively chose not to participate by funding/building it. 

	Score: 70
		Ethics in medicine are very debatable to begin with, like a doctor would never be allowed to pull the lever in the Trolley Problem but I think more people than not would definitely disagree with that.  >We already prioritize donors over non-donors as recipients.  Do you have a source on that?

	Score: 65
		How about we change the argument slightly?  Say something like: "People who aren't open to getting a good job and paying a certain amount of tax aren't entitled to certain public services".   It's not an identical problem, but I think the principal is the same. Organ donation is for social good, and it should be for everyone regardless of what they personally think. Otherwise I think the society we live in ceases to BE a society.

	Score: 59
		Can you explain why previous CMV answers were unsatisfactory?   https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/search?q=organs&restrict_sr=on&sort=relevance&t=all  >I am an organ donor. I want my organs to go to people who need my organs. I do not want my donation of my organs to get involved in notion of social justice, of "deserving" and so on. The organ I donate goes to someone who is sick, because being sick is a really shitty thing. It's not less shitty when it happens to an asshole, or even to someone who doesn't want to donate their own organs. My gift is not contingent. I agree with you that it should not be taken for granted, I believe that it should be wildly promoted and that we should change our systems of becoming an organ donor. As you note, this is about saving lives. I believe it to be bad to create a system that implicitly values one life greater than the other, and that is what your proposal does. It says that you deserve to live because you are an organ donor and you don't because you aren't.  https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/5dmpqd/cmv_only_registered_organ_donors_should_be_able/  >Kind of feels like it's less "organ donation" and more "organ swap participation program." If you need an organ, one is available, and you "waited in line", and there's no medical reason to wait, you get the medical treatment. I know a lot of analogies are being proposed in this thread, but have another: Steve needs some medical treatment (not organ, blood, etc. Just anything that requires a hospital visit). It can be due to a car accident or mishap, or just getting some illness. Frank is also in the same boat, but will pay for his own care. Steve is a bum on the street who does not have the financial means to pay for said treatment. Should Steve be denied the same medical care as Frank? An organ donation is a donation, not a ticket to the organ donors' swap meet.   https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2p6kjb/cmv_that_people_who_opt_out_of_being_an_organ/ 

	Score: 54
		[deleted]



CMV: A negative paternity test should exclude a man from paying child support and any money paid should be returned unless there was a legal adoption.
=======================================

	Score: 1392
		I would like to turn a little and propose a *better* way to avoid this problem:    Father's names may not be put on birth certificates without a paternity test.    We have the science to determine conclusively the parentage of a child. Why on earth are we still filling out government forms on hearsay?  If someone witnesses a baby coming out of a woman, we can put her down as the mother, no further evidence needed. But we should then paternity test the child to write the birth certificate accurately, with the scientifically-correct father.  If you are not the biological father, you may opt in by adopting the child, but that would be knowingly.  If a woman is not witnessed giving birth, we should run a test on her as well and put her down as the child's mother when we have evidence this is correct.    If this was simply the standard done for accuracy in filling out the forms, no man would need to call his wife's fidelity into question to be able to get the same certainty of parentage as a woman gets by nature.   And in this day of easy certain testing, it's completely absurd *not* to do so, if only for the right of the child to have correct information.    We make this standard practice, and it fixes a lot of these further-down-the-creek problems.

	Score: 260
		The state should pay the man. Requiring the mom to pay harms the child and it's the states fault for assigning payments to the man without being certain it was his responsibility. If the mom did it maliciously she should be charged and the child placed with family/cps

	Score: 260
		Test is mandatory if you want any potential of being awarded financial support in the event of a split. 

	Score: 244
		!delta  You have changed my view slightly. Kids now should be DNA tested and results delivered to both parents separately to avoid the issue altogether. That still leaves any existing cases waiting in the wings though, thoughts?  Did I do the delta right?

	Score: 244
		[deleted]

	Score: 169
		I'm interested in your allegation that the mother is "fraudulent."  What if the mother was simply incorrect about the biological father of her child?  In the absence of a *prior* paternity test, taken *before* child support was awarded, how do you prove that she knew she was going after the wrong man?  >the woman put a man's name on the forms to receive assistance and he didn't get the notification and it's too late to fight it  Can you elaborate on this?  Are you saying that men are being jailed because they were unaware that they were supposed to be paying child support until they were arrested for nonpayment?

	Score: 158
		> If a woman is not witnessed giving birth, we should run a test on her as well and put her down as the child's mother when we have evidence this is correct.  This would also solve one of the worst crimes I can think of, stealing babies.

	Score: 158
		Unless you're like [this woman](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lydia_Fairchild) who failed a maternity test despite having given birth to the baby. Turns out she was a chimera and "her" womb was made up of her sister's DNA who she absorbed in the womb.

	Score: 141
		The scenario is that there are cases where men, despite having proven not to be the biological father (nor the adoptive father), are forced to pay child-support according to some state laws. Failure to pay results in jailing.

	Score: 138
		Not my responsibility, that's on the mother.  If someone fraudulently drains your bank account then say it's for my kid that doesn't make it ok or that there shouldn't be restitution. 

	Score: 135
		I was thinking in the context of a married woman who cheated but yes there is a chance she was just mistaken.  On the second point, it happened a few months ago at a traffic stop a man was arrested on a bench warrant for nonpayment of support. The man was in jail and never served the papers to show in court when a previous girlfriend had named him on assistance forms as the father and he never had a chance to contest it (Being in jail) so he was ordered to pay the support or be thrown in jail for nonpayment which I believe is a contempt of court.  Edit for clarification: Here is the story I am talking about. http://www.wxyz.com/news/region/detroit/detroit-man-fights-30k-child-support-bill-for-kid-that-is-not-his  http://www.wxyz.com/news/region/detroit/detroit-man-turns-himself-in-after-not-paying-child-support-fo-a-child-that-is-not-his

	Score: 113
		[deleted]

	Score: 104
		How is your solution fair to the not father. The mother can take the biological father for support, including back support. If she chooses not to that's on her. My solution is fair. The child's support comes from the appropriate sources that being its parents and the man who did not father the child is not defrauded. 

	Score: 100
		Yeah, this sounds like a giant privacy violation waiting to happen.  I could possibly support requiring a paternity test before any child support payment is awarded, but not for every single child born.

	Score: 84
		I'm not asking society to be apathetic, I'm asking them to hold the correct parties responsible. Why do you feel that is wrong?

	Score: 81
		Indirectly he's still paying to support 5ye child. The state's trying to recoup it's expenditure on her child through him as support. It's still in the same vein of what I'm talking about. 

	Score: 79
		[Going off an article from a news source that's probably more reputable than the Daily Mail,](http://kdvr.com/2016/07/27/man-forced-to-pay-child-support-despite-dna-test-results/) that story is again a slightly different issue.  Because he still considers her to be his daughter, he says he's fine continuing child support if he can see her; his complaint is that he feels the custody/visitation agreement isn't being met.

	Score: 78
		While I agree that a man shouldn't be forced to pay for a kid that is provably not his - I disagree that the money he already paid into the child should be given back.  First off, it's unlikely that the mother and/or the child is going to be in a position to be able to pay back child support payments. Say that they track the biological father down and force *him* to start paying - well now he's just paying the other dad because of a mistake (or even malevolence on the part of the mother) and the child isn't getting anything.  Child support is ostensibly about the children. It's not about giving the mother money for having the kid, it's about the cost of raising a child and how we as a society have decided to approach the subject. If you start forcing someone in a situation that is receiving child support to themselves pay some form of child support there's only one person you're actually harming here - the child.  So while I agree the man has suffered an injustice no matter the circumstances surrounding this injustice I don't really see a very good option for him getting any sort of payback. I would rather not throw the baby out with the bathwater and harm a child (or children) because we want to balance the scales.  Edit: Oh, alright, you want to punish children for having the audacity to be born. I'm out.

	Score: 75
		I disagree: much like standardized drug tests for welfare, this would cost more money than it is actually worth. Most women aren't going to lie about paternity, so most of these tests will be a waste. 

	Score: 75
		!delta  You've brought a new and let with the state's culpability I hadn't considered. 



CMV: Thank You Cards are a waste of time and money and sending them is a social convention that we should move away from
=======================================

	Score: 623
		In many cases, especially with weddings, you don't open the gifts at the event while the giver is present, so it's difficult to give a truly heartfelt thanks, when you don't even know what you've received.  Not to mention you're the center of attention, and you hardly have ten seconds to talk to a single person.  Later, after you've opened the gift, and you have some time to communicate ONLY with that person, you can give a sincere thank you in the form of a card.  The gratitude is clearly more sincere when you actually know what it is that they've gotten you.   I'm inclined to agree for something like a birthday, when as you said, you've probably opened it in their presence and thanked them as much as one can be thanked.  But something like a wedding or graduation, where you probably open the gifts later, I think a card makes perfect sense.

	Score: 194
		I think you're right that AT the wedding, I don't expect to get much face time with the bride and groom, nor do I expect to be thanked for my gift while I'm there, because again, they haven't even opened it.  Hell, I just put it on a table.  They don't even know I BROUGHT a gift.   But later, I always appreciate getting a card to say that they opened my gift and enjoyed it.   Considering the cost of a wedding, the cost of a few thank you cards and stamps is basically zero.

	Score: 160
		I see your point about at some events you may be unable to give individual heartfelt thanks. But I think patrons of these events should expect that going in. When I go to a wedding, I go knowing that I probably won't get much interaction with the bride and groom. I also know that they are probably thankful that I could come, even though they were only able to talk to my table for a minute.  I know that I may be different that other people in this regard, but it's my own experience.

	Score: 140
		∆  I think I can see in situations like a wedding where you probably haven't thanked everyone for everything individually, a card might be the best way to reach out and do this.

	Score: 107
		At my cousin's wedding two years ago: I thought I was funny, I gave them a gift card in a giant box. However, I never got a thank you card. So over the months I'm thinking maybe the giftcard fell out and they never got it. But I asked my brother's and my parents if they got thank you cards, and they didn't. A thank you card or a phone call is simply a great way to confirm that you received the gift. I've worked banquets for 8 years. I've known employees on the clean up crew that stolen gift cards or small gifts that have been left.

	Score: 99
		No gifts are given without the expectation one will receive something in return. Gifts obligate the receiver. This is a good thing, because it knits societies together. When the receiver gives something back, even just a thank you card, it affirms that the obligation runs two ways and the social bonds are strong. A society where everyone is obligated to one another is a strong society. Without thank you cards, we'd all be just a little bit more alienated from each other, a little less obligated to be good and charitable to the people we love.

	Score: 62
		[Reciprocity in gift exchange](https://newrepublic.com/article/115952/christmas-gift-exchange-anthropological-rules-beneath-it) is a fundamental concept in cultural anthropology. The ancient societies we grew out of used gift exchange to make their groups cohesive. Bartering ends the obligation immediately, but a gift creates a social debt. Receiving the gift (not refusing or returning it) accepts the social relationship. The receiver can decide not to return the gift or they can return one of less value, but they loose social standing by doing so. This can create a hierarchy. Think of the opening scene in The Godfather, when the Godfather is doing people 'favors' on his daughters wedding day- doing so cements his position as head of the crime family. Not done out of generosity. There are such things as 'true gifts' which are not meant to be returned, but if you want to give one of these, its best to remain anonymous.  Edit: Fixed a link, and for some reason I wrote that the opening scene of The Godfather was a The Godfather's birthday party.

	Score: 52
		I think I can get on board with the idea that it strengthens our charitable bonds with people that we care about. What I don't think I agree with is that there is an expectation of something in return for a gift. I always thought the idea of a gift was to give something to someone *without* expecting anything in return.

	Score: 44
		The fact is that it's "Social Convention" doesn't change its value.  Saying "hey, how're you doing?" when you see someone you know is merely "social convention" as well, but neither conveys nor requests meaningful information.  What purpose does it serve, then?  These [phatic expressions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phatic_expression) are little more than a social lubricant.  The true meaning of "Hi, how are ya?" isn't actually "Greetings, please tell me your mental health," but something closer to "I am sufficiently interested in maintaining good a relationship with you that I will waste my time asking for information I don't actually care about, because what I really care about is our relationship."   That's why nobody is really bothered by an exchange of "How are you?" "Not much, you?"  The response doesn't actually answer the question, but it wasn't *actually* a question in the first place, it was an expression of interest in maintaining a relationship, and they responded with a similar expression.  That's what thank you cards are: they are phatic expressions through which you indicate an interest in maintaining a relationship.  It's a slightly more effortful version of "How are you doing?" "Pretty good, yourself?"  One party put forth the effort to provide a gift, or something deserving thanks, and the other puts forth the effort of acknowledging it.  As to getting rid of the Thank You letter/card tradition, that's analogous to refusing to respond when someone asks "hey, how's it going?"  Worse, because it's in response to the more involved gift/favor scenario, it's closer to someone saying "Hey, /u/dlee_75, how's it going?  Is your mom feeling better?," and you to just... stare quietly.  Is such a trivial, meaningless response as $5.50 for a card and stamp *really* that dear a cost to maintain a relationship? One that gets you neat stuff?

	Score: 26
		The thank you card is often a way to tell the gift giver that you received their gift. It isn't just a thank you, it is essentially a receipt.   Let's say I give someone $500 for their wedding. Sure they thank me for handing them an envelope, but in the hubbub of a wedding it is entirely possible that the cash gets misplaced or even stolen by a vendor. Now if I get a thank you card saying "thank you so much for your generous gift, thanks to you we were able to extend our honeymoon and had a wonderful extra day in Greece!"    Now I know they got my gift. What is said is sort of immaterial, more that something is said so I know I didn't throw my cash away... or even worse that they are pissed and think I didn't get them a gift.   There is more to the thank you card than a thank you. It could be done in an email or text, but weddings tend to be more formal affairs. Formality is expected of the guests, so it should be returned in kind. The same shouldn't be required of a birthday or lesser event(or informal wedding). An email or text should be fine. 

	Score: 25
		A thank you note or letter is only as good as the amount of effort and thought that's put into it. Sending a "thanks, bro!" text is ok but sending a card in the mail saying,   "Thanks, we really appreciate the dishes you gave us at the wedding, we've already had a dinner party with the dishes and the guests commented on how nice they are. Thanks for coming to the wedding, it was so great to see you again!"   is much nicer and makes them feel good, especially if it's to a friend or relative you don't often see.

	Score: 18
		You sit down, write an appropriate and meaningful thank-you note, preferrably in your own handwriting, put it in an envelope, mail it. You invest some time and effort, just as the gifter invested their time and effort to select and pick your gift.   Time and effort. That's why a letter means a lot, while an instant message means very little.

	Score: 16
		There are 5 love languages that people are affected and can be emotionally thankful for.   * Words of Affirmation: Expressing affection through spoken affection, praise, or appreciation. * Acts of Service: Actions, rather than words, are used to show and receive love. * Receiving Gifts: Gifting is symbolic of love and affection. * Quality Time: Expressing affection with undivided, undistracted attention. * Physical Touch: It can be sex or holding hands. With this love language, the speaker feels affection through physical touch.  For some people, words of affirmation (thank you in person) is not as significant as giving gifts (cards). It's important to weigh in the person's love language to see which will be more meaningful. 

	Score: 16
		You are, of course, correct! As a gift-giver, you should give without expectation of anything in return. As a recipient, you should thank the giver or give back in kind.  It's the same as with a host and a guest. As a host, you should take care of your guest's every need. As a guest, you should bring a small gift (formal) or help clean up (informal).  It's the same at work. As an employee, you should work hard because that's your job. As an employer, you should thank your employees for their hard work even though you're already paying them.  It's the same with compliments. When you give a compliment, it should be to make the other person feel good. When you receive a compliment, you should find a later opportunity to give one back.  As an individual, you should never expect reciprocation from others, but you should always feel obligated to reciprocate yourself.

	Score: 14
		I used to think this growing up as my parents forced me to write them when getting things.  Since this normally only happened on birthdays, christmases, and my high school graduation, they never really felt meaningful or heartfelt or anything.  I ended up using a more less stock approach with fill in details depending on the person due to the number I usually wrote at a time.  As an adult, I've only ever truly felt compelled to write a thank you note once for someone last minute letting me stay and party with him and his friends all weekend over 4th of July. He didn't know me and I only knew a couple of the people staying the weekend, so it was a pretty big gesture imo.  It was the best party weekend of my life, hands down.  Amazing food and beer at his house the whole time, and we all just did pretty much whatever we wanted.  The next week I wrote him a thank you note because I really was so happy to have gone, and it was truly an amazing time and wanted to impart that on him.  When he got the thank you note, he was so excited about receiving it that he scanned it and sent it to my friends that he knew asking if they put me up to it.  It made him even happier that I did on my own and let me know I was always welcome to make the trip for the 4th of July weekend in the future.  This made me realize that while the notes I wrote as a kid were somewhat insincere since I had to be forced and it occurred in large volume around "gift time", actual thank you notes that adults send each other do leave a lasting impact of gratitude, especially when it's not expected.

	Score: 12
		Personally, I would rather get a phone call and have a genuine conversation than get a thank you card. I dont expect to be thanked for attending an event I was invited to because if i didnt want to go I wouldnt go. I understand that buying a gift is part of the event so I dont need a thank you for that either.   A big thing for me is the stress that these types of conventions causes people. I would rather go to a wedding or graduation where we are having fun than a big formal event where nobody has fun.  I've been known to give a "you're welcome" card to point out how pointless this convention is.   "I wasnt expecting a thank you for giving you a present but you are welcome. The party was great, blah blah blah."  Nobody has responded with an additional card which is my dream.

	Score: 12
		The other thing he didn't mention is that a note also lets you know your gift was received. If you don't get a note, you might wonder if they got what you gave them, or if the card fell off or something, so you can follow up

	Score: 11
		I work in commercial insurance and get invited to a lot of events by clients and prospects. I always write a handwritten thank you note because people always remember and pay it forward. I always get a complement for actually taking the time to thank them in a formal way. It's a great way to build a reputation for being curtious. 

	Score: 11
		Can this be generational?   I'm not saying "short message." Simply the same message, instantly and unexpectedly. A long-winded message or a short phone call means more to me than an empty gesture of requisite formality. The spontanity sells the guenuine intent more than a culturally appropriate investment of time and effort.  

	Score: 10
		I normally agree that thank you cards aren't worthwhile, but I remember one time I bought a gift for a friend's wedding and I wasn't even invited. I figured that the least they could have done was to send me a thank you card once they received the gift. They didn't, and that bothers me a bit even now. 



I believe the government should be allowed to view my e-mails, tap my phone calls, and view my web history for national security concerns. CMV
=======================================

	Score: 11556
		THIS COMMENT HAS BEEN REMOVED.    To read the original comment, please [CLICK HERE](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/1fv4r6/i_believe_the_government_should_be_allowed_to/cd89cqr).    EDIT:  This post has now been removed from /r/bestof.  All other posts I ever had there are also removed.  I am banned from ever having a comment there again.  This is "social media."   **Why was this comment removed?** This comment was removed to point out how easily it could never have been seen in the first place.  The moderators of /r/bestof, a collection of the top comments on reddit, have the right to remove any comment they don't like for whatever reason.  The post was about surveillance, censorship, and the dangers inherent when people are not allowed to communicate freely.  Therefore I believe it is an appropriate space for me to use to address this issue.  **Why point this out now?** I am pointing this out now because a comment I made was deleted off /r/bestof by a mod without explanation.  The post was a personal story about my trip to Israel, which had over 2000 points by the time is was deleted.  This means that it was on the front page of reddit.  If you didn't see it, that is because one person or a small group of people decided they didn't want you to see it.     In the future, there may be a post which has a story or information that I would like to see.  Perhaps it will be a comment of yours.  I hope when that day comes I am able to see your post.     **What can you do?** If you are interested in posts that are removed from reddit's front page for whatever reason, please visit /r/undelete.  This is a listing of posts that have been removed from the front page of reddit. If you are a user of reddit, please subscribe to /r/undelete, and vote for posts that you feel should be seen.  If you would like to see some really interesting stories that have been kept off the front page, sort by "top" to see the posts that other users feel should not have been deleted.  Also, in lieu of reddit gold donations, please consider [donating your $5 to the Electronic Freedom Foundation](https://supporters.eff.org/donate), a group of talented people dedicated to protecting a free and open internet which will someday hopefully be home to a successor of reddit, free from the problems of the current iteration.  -------  Censorship is stupid and dangerous.  The mods of /r/bestof have the right to do what they want with their subreddit, but I have the right to say what I like in this space.  Should they also delete this, it will only demonstrate my point further. The post, which was originally about my experience of surveillance, was not far removed from a discussion of a generally free and open society, in which ideas can be exchanged without a small group of people deciding what is and is not a legitimate topic for discussion.  "The point" is that even in the age of social media, you can never be certain that you are able to communicate freely with your peers.     I would like to reiterate that the reason the post which once sat in this space was written passionately is that I have seen a society go very wrong because people were not allowed to communicate, because communication was stifled, and because fear and secrecy was not opposed when the chance was present.  I am aware that this particular issue is small in the big scheme of things, but it is necessary to say what you think at all times, and to use what resources you have at your disposal to communicate.  Again, if you would like to read the original post about surveillance during the Arab Spring, it is now [HERE](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/1fv4r6/i_believe_the_government_should_be_allowed_to/cd89cqr).  ---------  [Here is a discussion of the post below about Israel.  Please use it to learn opposing views, then form your own opinion.  That is how adult communication works, and I trust that you are all intelligent enough to come up with your own nuanced view on the topic.](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/1pvzmu/)        Please also decide for yourself if you think the post should have been removed.     [These are my views on racism, antisemitism, and internet forums, particularly "conspiracy" forums.](http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/1q1ryt/we_need_to_talk/)  [Here is the discussion of the removal of the post on /r/undelete](http://www.reddit.com/r/undelete/comments/1pwl4f/920391277_161719_went_to_israel_and_realized/)       [This is the post that was deleted: ](http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/1pvksy/what_conspiracy_turned_you_into_a_conspiracy/cd6kofo?context=2)     -----------  I drove across Sinai from Cairo, which is crumbling.  Sheep on the streets, buildings falling down, giant slums, poor education, nice food only for the very rich, streets covered in garbage, majority of the country is poor.    Went to Israel.  Saw a city much like any city in Europe.  Clean streets.  Beautiful big store fronts.  Sidewalks.  Nice signs telling you where to go.  Little stands and shops everywhere.  Great food from around the world.  Pastries, pizza.  It was Europe, basically.  I loved it.  It was very clean!  It was great.    You have to drive some distance out of Jerusalem to get to the wall.  It is a nice drive past pastures and rolling hills with bushes and trees on them.    The wall is very tall.  It is made of concrete.  At the top there are guard posts with glass.  There is barbed wire, even though the wall is far too high to get over.  There are men with guns.    When you go through it, you are asked many questions about who you are and where you come from.  If you have anything Arab about you this questioning is very long it can take several hours.  You are brought through many layers of security, the inside of the wall is like a fort.  You go back and force through a maze of metal bars, with many security cameras watching you.  The bars look like the bars used to hold cattle at a rodeo.    You exit and on the other side is a tall wire fence covered with barbed wire. There is graffiti all over the wall.  The buildings are crumbling. Noo nice food, streets made of dirt, everyone is poor.    There are men waiting to be taxi drivers, I went with one.  He showed me an ID card with a picture of a baby on it.  He told me a story.    "This is my son.  You know how I got this card?"    "My son was born with a problem in his arm, and they said that if his arm wasn't operated on he would lose the arm. We don't have that kind of hospital here, so I have to go across into Jerusalem to see the doctor.  So I go to the Fence."  "The man at the fence won't let me through.  He says that I can't bring through any person without a card.  He is referring to my son, who is a new born.  He didn't have a card."  "So I say to him, where do I get the card?  He says you must get the card in Jerusalem."  "I say let me through then I will get the card and leave my son with my wife.  He says that won't work, a person must be present to have fingerprints and a photo and so on in order to get the card."  "I say how will my son get the card if he cannot travel through the fence to get the card?"  "He told me I was holding up the line, and my son never got the surgery, he lost his arm."  He passed me the card, he said it was fake, and he didn't have the courage to try it out, because you could be put in prison for such a thing.  He had to choose between making his son grow up without an arm or without a father.  The card was so poorly done.  It was obviously fake.    We got up to the top of this hill, and he pointed out at these buildings coming over the hills, he said they were settlements, and they took over 3 more hills in the last few months.  These were very nice buildings.  Developments.    I went back to Israel that night, and I went to a waffle store.   They had every kind of waffle.  Chocolate waffle, ice cream waffle, Nutella.  Anything.  Any kind of fruit and so on.  The taxis are really nice there they have meters, they don't clunk when they start.   The monuments are lit up at night.  There are little plaques at every monument that tell you the history in English and Hebrew and Russian and Italian.    When I took the bus back, I sat next to a young girl who had a phone with rhinestones glued to it in a heart shape, and a beanie baby on a key chain.  She had a ponytail, she was texting and wearing an army uniform. She had a grenade launcher in the seat next to her. The bus stopped several times and the Palestinians were made to get off and be searched.  Their bags were taken off the bus and dumped out, and the soldiers kicked through their belongings at the side of the road and we sat inside the bus and watched and they passed out snacks.  It was absolutely banal, but the whole thing chilled me, and I realized that this was the country at the center of American foreign policy, and this was the beacon of democracy, and I realized that these were the supposed "good guys," and I just thought that it wasn't fucking right, and that Christians should be embarrassed because Jesus wouldn't have stood for any of this.  Sorry I wrote a novel.  It really changed me.     TL:DR;  I think every American history teacher should be forced to walk around in Jerusalem, then go through the wall to Bethlehem and walk around in Palestine before teaching students that colonialism is something that "used to" happen.  

	Score: 3519
		You want to know the good side?  The good side is that when the revolution finally happened, it was the single most beautiful and life-affirming experience of my life.  People took over the city completely and managed everything.  It was "anarchy" but anarchy was completely amazing.  With no authority it was like living in a village back in time or something.  It was really amazing and a ton of art and music and dance just...happened.  All of a sudden like it had been stored up all that time.     So there is hope.  And I have complete face in my fellow human to win in the end.  As a whole, we are good people.  But somehow the worst of us are always the ones who take power, and so we need to stand up from time to time.

	Score: 3204
		I am going to base my argument on a more philosophical level on what this does to us as a society. I probably wont change your view, but I will give you another perspective on the matter.  The whole thing is unsettling, the government knowing everything about you from what you watch on T.V. to what you purchase online, to what porn gets you off and everything in between. Even your personal emails.. Don't you find that a bit jarring? It all reeks of 1984, when you have the government monitoring your every move.   There is a duality in the whole thing: on one end, society can feel a little safer knowing that the government, through this kind of surveillance, can stop a bombing and save hundreds of people. On the other end of the spectrum; This type of surveillance can also EASILY be used to control society.   Thinking in hypotheticals; What if the government decided to implement a curfew? No one outside past 10 pm  unless they have legal documentation stating they are allowed to do so.  The people don't like this, they want to protest or form some sort of activist group against this curfew. How are you going to organize that? Through digital devices, which the government monitors, and next thing you know, your activist group is all thrown in jail for conspiring against the government.   When you think about the bigger picture of it all, and what this type of authority could eventually become it kind of makes it seem more disturbing.  (I am taking a debate class and would really appreciate some feedback on how my argument was in general. I joined this sub to learn, but also to perfect my debate and logic skills. Thanks for the feedback.)

	Score: 1569
		Yeah, if I already didn't feel a bit unsettled you did me in with this. It is scary how there is strong evidence as to what this can become, and how many people blatantly ignore it. The way the government can so easily control you is fucking terrifying.   It really makes me upset when people say "I don't have anything to hide. let them read everything" as well. How can someone be okay with NO PRIVACY? I would really like to hear OP'S response to all this, as s/he has not given any rebuttal to these arguments, nor has s/he stated their view is changed. 

	Score: 1090
		Okay, I am going to call out my argument right now.  I just had this discussion with my boyfriend, and he pointed out that it would not be beneficial for our government to set a curfew as there are too many business that are 24 hours or are open later than 10 pm. So, my argument there was kind of illogical and off-point.  Furthermore, he explained to me that in order for us to live in a dystopian society the whole world would have to follow suit. Also, he explained that if the whole of the citizens in the united states wanted to rebel, they outnumber the police force and military. To which, I replied, "But the military could just wipe us out with their weapons" (stupid statement) he told me you can't have a government without citizens.   So, I am going to change my argument to this:  We are going toward living in a "police state" where the government has complete surveillance on us. They can turn on anyone of the cameras on your computer, phone, TV, or even your new XBOX and look in on you. Privacy is dead, you are always being monitored. I guess my question to you is; How are you not bothered by this? You have no more privacy, and someone you don't know could be looking in on you fucking your SO, or look at your personal email to a family member. It goes beyond you not breaking any laws, if you aren't breaking any laws, shouldn't you have your privacy?   My boyfriend mentioned something about the government trying to pass a law to put microchips in us. I don't know if this is accurate or happening, however I cannot fathom why someone would be comfortable with this, especially if they have done nothing wrong. 

	Score: 1083
		As a person who completely experienced what you wrote above (I'm an Arab as well), thank you. Here's to the euphoria of that moment in time that they can never take away from us. May we never go back to that state of fear ever again.

	Score: 985
		[deleted]

	Score: 708
		And the second too. The real reason we have the right to bear arms is not for hunting/sport/whatever or even for protecting ourselves individually. The founders knew that tyranny has a way of creeping back into even the freest societies. They knew that someday their descendants might have to overthrow a tyrannical government, just like they did.

	Score: 692
		I know everyone is screaming fourth amendment, but allow me to take a different tack.  In 1958 Rosa Parks caused a bit of a stir in Alabama. The local NAACP provided funds for her defense and the State of Alabama demanded the NAACP's membership rolls.  The Supreme Court, upon hearing the case, sided with the NAACP. Their reasoning was that under the First Amendment freedom of assembly, combined with the Fourteenth Amendment, every citizen has the right to privacy in their associations.  The NAACP wasn't breaking the law providing financial support for Rosa Park's defense, but the State of Alabama had an agenda they wanted to press. You might not be breaking the law, but that doesn't mean the state doesn't have an interest in obtaining information about you for purposes you might not approve of.  The erosion of civil liberties is something to be guarded against not because of the perception of an immediate threat, but because you won't recognize the value of those liberties until you have been deprived of them and discover you have no recourse.  The government is not infallible. They make mistakes and our constitutionally protected civil liberties are intended to protect us from those mistakes. The [HUAC hearings](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/House_Un-American_Activities_Committee) destroyed peoples lives. Imagine that level of paranoia applied with modern electronic surveillance. With the information that was provided under the FISC request under HUAC conditions, the proximity of your cell-phone to the Boston Bombers at a mall might have been enough information to ruin your life. 

	Score: 642
		I expect to get downvoted, but I *repeatedly* heard this:  "It will be different because of Obama."  Well they can all eat crow. The current system is the problem and no single politician is going to change anything.

	Score: 389
		Someone on Reddit made this argument before, I'll merely repeat it:  So you say, "I have nothing to hide". Well, that's fine. But it doesn't mean the government has any right to see what you don't need to hide. If I were to tell you, take off all your clothes right now. Would you refuse? If so, maybe I'd say, "Why? What are you hiding? Do you have scars, maybe abnormal, misformed genitals? What are you hiding under those clothes?" But odds are, you're not hiding anything. It's just not any of my business to see what's under your clothes. You get to *choose* if you want me to see you naked.   The government is taking that choice away from you. Maybe you don't care if the government reads your emails, but other people do. They don't think the administration has any right to just go peeping through their private emails, even if they don't find anything.  For the record, I am of the same opinion that I don't really care if the government reads my emails, but I appreciate the argument from the other side. Privacy has a certain amount of importance, and no one should be compelled to give it up for no good reason.

	Score: 385
		> I live in a country generally assumed to be a dictatorship. One of the Arab spring countries. I have lived through curfews and have seen the outcomes of the sort of surveillance now being revealed in the US. People here talking about curfews aren't realizing what that actually FEELS like. It isn't about having to go inside, and the practicality of that. It's about creating the feeling that everyone, everything is watching. A few points:     > 1) the purpose of this surveillance from the governments point of view is to control enemies of the state. Not terrorists. People who are coalescing around ideas that would destabilize the status quo. These could be religious ideas. These could be groups like anon who are too good with tech for the governments liking. It makes it very easy to know who these people are. It also makes it very simple to control these people.    > Lets say you are a college student and you get in with some people who want to stop farming practices that hurt animals. So you make a plan and go to protest these practices. You get there, and wow, the protest is huge. You never expected this, you were just goofing off. Well now everyone who was there is suspect. Even though you technically had the right to protest, you're now considered a dangerous person.    > With this tech in place, the government doesn't have to put you in jail. They can do something more sinister. They can just email you a sexy picture you took with a girlfriend. Or they can email you a note saying that they can prove your dad is cheating on his taxes. Or they can threaten to get your dad fired. All you have to do, the email says, is help them catch your friends in the group. You have to report back every week, or you dad might lose his job. So you do. You turn in your friends and even though they try to keep meetings off grid, you're reporting on them to protect your dad.    > 2) Let's say number one goes on. The country is a weird place now. Really weird. Pretty soon, a movement springs up like occupy, except its bigger this time. People are really serious, and they are saying they want a government without this power. I guess people are realizing that it is a serious deal. You see on the news that tear gas was fired. Your friend calls you, frantic. They're shooting people. Oh my god. you never signed up for this. You say, fuck it. My dad might lose his job but I won't be responsible for anyone dying. That's going too far. You refuse to report anymore. You just stop going to meetings. You stay at home, and try not to watch the news. Three days later, police come to your door and arrest you. They confiscate your computer and phones, and they beat you up a bit. No one can help you so they all just sit quietly. They know if they say anything they're next. This happened in the country I live in. It is not a joke.    > 3) Its hard to say how long you were in there. What you saw was horrible. Most of the time, you only heard screams. People begging to be killed. Noises you've never heard before. You, you were lucky. You got kicked every day when they threw your moldy food at you, but no one shocked you. No one used sexual violence on you, at least that you remember. There were some times they gave you pills, and you can't say for sure what happened then. To be honest, sometimes the pills were the best part of your day, because at least then you didn't feel anything. You have scars on you from the way you were treated. You learn in prison that torture is now common. But everyone who uploads videos or pictures of this torture is labeled a leaker. Its considered a threat to national security. Pretty soon, a cut you got on your leg is looking really bad. You think it's infected. There were no doctors in prison, and it was so overcrowded, who knows what got in the cut. You go to the doctor, but he refuses to see you. He knows if he does the government can see the records that he treated you. Even you calling his office prompts a visit from the local police.    > You decide to go home and see your parents. Maybe they can help. This leg is getting really bad. You get to their house. They aren't home. You can't reach them no matter how hard you try. A neighbor pulls you aside, and he quickly tells you they were arrested three weeks ago and haven't been seen since. You vaguely remember mentioning to them on the phone you were going to that protest. Even your little brother isn't there.    > 4) Is this even really happening? You look at the news. Sports scores. Celebrity news. It's like nothing is wrong. What the hell is going on? A stranger smirks at you reading the paper. You lose it. You shout at him "fuck you dude what are you laughing at can't you see I've got a fucking wound on my leg?"    > "Sorry," he says. "I just didn't know anyone read the news anymore." There haven't been any real journalists for months. They're all in jail.    > Everyone walking around is scared. They can't talk to anyone else because they don't know who is reporting for the government. Hell, at one time YOU were reporting for the government. Maybe they just want their kid to get through school. Maybe they want to keep their job. Maybe they're sick and want to be able to visit the doctor. It's always a simple reason. Good people always do bad things for simple reasons.    > You want to protest. You want your family back. You need help for your leg. This is way beyond anything you ever wanted. It started because you just wanted to see fair treatment in farms. Now you're basically considered a terrorist, and everyone around you might be reporting on you. You definitely can't use a phone or email. You can't get a job. You can't even trust people face to face anymore. On every corner, there are people with guns. They are as scared as you are. They just don't want to lose their jobs. They don't want to be labeled as traitors.    > This all happened in the country where I live.    > You want to know why revolutions happen? Because little by little by little things get worse and worse. But this thing that is happening now is big. This is the key ingredient. This allows them to know everything they need to know to accomplish the above. The fact that they are doing it is proof that they are the sort of people who might use it in the way I described. In the country I live in, they also claimed it was for the safety of the people. Same in Soviet Russia. Same in East Germany. In fact, that is always the excuse that is used to surveil everyone. But it has never ONCE proven to be the reality.    > Maybe Obama won't do it. Maybe the next guy won't, or the one after him. Maybe this story isn't about you. Maybe it happens 10 or 20 years from now, when a big war is happening, or after another big attack. Maybe it's about your daughter or your son. We just don't know yet. But what we do know is that right now, in this moment we have a choice. Are we okay with this, or not? Do we want this power to exist, or not?    > You know for me, the reason I'm upset is that I grew up in school saying the pledge of allegiance. I was taught that the United States meant "liberty and justice for all." You get older, you learn that in this country we define that phrase based on the constitution. That's what tells us what liberty is and what justice is. Well, the government just violated that ideal. So if they aren't standing for liberty and justice anymore, what are they standing for? Safety?    > Ask yourself a question. In the story I told above, does anyone sound safe?    > I didn't make anything up. These things happened to people I know. We used to think it couldn't happen in America. But guess what? It's starting to happen.    > I actually get really upset when people say "I don't have anything to hide. Let them read everything." People saying that have no idea what they are bringing down on their own heads. They are naive, and we need to listen to people in other countries who are clearly telling us that this is a horrible horrible sign and it is time to stand up and say no.  

	Score: 373
		Part of me wonders if that's how our founders felt when the American revolution was finally over. 

	Score: 349
		consider everything i wrote as public property. 

	Score: 342
		Unfortunately, the Supreme Court ruled that fourth amendment doesn't protect us from most of the data mining the government is doing.  It's bullcrap, and I disagree with the justification, but the worst part of this whole scandal is that what the NSA has been doing is arguably 100% legal.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smith_v._Maryland

	Score: 327
		History has a tend of repeating itself as society fails to learn from past mistakes always thinking "it will be different this time because of x".

	Score: 327
		I believe it is the purpose of the second amendment to ensure the protection of our first amendment rights.

	Score: 322
		Sorry to be a historical pedant, but this is a drastic misreading of the Second Amendment. The Founders did NOT give the people the right to bear arms as a check on their own power. They gave them the right to bear arms because they did not want to have a standing army, and the alternative was a reliable citizen militia.  In fact, the first use of a citizen militia was exactly to suppress rebellious citizens who were complaining about government tyranny. When rural citizens in Pennsylvania who relied on whiskey manufacturing rebelled in response to a new federal whiskey tax, George Washington showed up with an army of New Jersey militiamen who responded to his muster and put them in their place.  This concept is so foreign to us that we can't even understand it, because the country was really quite different in its principles, then. Now we have a permanent army that controls a huge fraction of our economy, and it stands under the direct control of the President. This is not at all what the Founders intended. THAT ought to be seen as a violation of the Second Amendment.

	Score: 319
		thank god they aren't alive anymore, they'd be so dissapointed. 

	Score: 318
		I believe the First Amendment to be much more powerful than the Second Amendment. The usage of the Internet is an indirect proof of this.



CMV: If guilt is an acceptable weapon in the war against smoking, it should be used in the war against obesity as well.
=======================================

	Score: 1262
		The anti-smoking ads make more sense because smoking is frequently depicted as a sociable, active, and attractive activity. The pictures on cigarette packs show a side of smoking that, until relatively recently, wasn't really addressed by the media.   People who are fat are already inundated with information teaching them that being fat is considered ugly and unattractive. From what overweight people have told me, being flooded with this sort of information and imagery simply makes them feel bad about themselves and ultimately encourage them to find solace in more food.  I used to be a smoker, and eventually quit. Maybe this is too anecdotal, but while I feel some sort of shame at knowing how unhealthy cigarettes were, I never felt unattractive. I never saw these ads and thought that I was undeserving of love or companionship.

	Score: 476
		> From what overweight people have told me, being flooded with this sort of information and imagery simply makes them feel bad about themselves and ultimately encourage them to find solace in more food.  And from what I've heard from smokers, the shaming about smoking makes them feel bad and makes them want a cigarette too. My BF (a smoker) claims he read a study that suggested anti-smoking ads make cigarette smokers want a cigarette. So shaming in any situation doesn't help the intended goal; it only makes the person feel worse.  The difference is with smoking shaming ads, the intended goal isn't to make smokers quit; rather, it's to convince non-smokers never start smoking. So they don't care that they aren't helping people who already smoke. 

	Score: 320
		It might be a matter of how we shame each side. For a smoker, we're more likely to say, "You smoke. That's disgusting." As where for the obese we say, "You're fat. *You're* disgusting." The true equivalent would be to say that their eating habits are disgusting, or that smokers themselves are disgusting, but this is much less often the case. One is an attack on their habits, while the other is an attack on the person because of their habits. 

	Score: 197
		Smoking tobacco is unhealthy in every form.  There is no "healthy" cigarette.  But there are foods that are healthy.  And there are foods everywhere in between healthy and unhealthy.  Where in this spectrum would you have to start putting warning labels on?  Many the unhealthy foods have no negative health effects if done in moderation.  Not so for cigarettes.  And the type of food you eat does not solve this problem completely.  Healthy foods can still make you fat if you eat too much of them.

	Score: 184
		> the intended goal isn't to make smokers quit; rather, it's to convince non-smokers never start smoking  Is that better than fat shaming so skinny people never turn fat?

	Score: 138
		&#8710;  I never thought of it that way.  With smokers we shun ONE thing they do.  But for the obese we shun their  whole lifestyle.

	Score: 119
		I don't know if it's better or worse, but it is interesting how we tiptoe around one disease while we feel very comfortable shaming people for another.

	Score: 88
		It's not really that it's a whole lifestyle. As a fat guy, it's a personal and mostly *hateful* attack that I don't know if smokers actually get. Some of us obese people (me at least) spend a lot of time hating or being ashamed of ourselves, we don't need other people to do it too.  And at least from my perspective, the insults and shame I've gotten over my life never made me want to go out and exercise or eat better (however I am doing that now), in fact it exacerbated the problem that helped contribute to my weight (major depression). I don't know of any smokers that have cigarettes as their identity and what they're solely known as being, where weight is a major defining feature in a person.

	Score: 80
		I came here to say essentially the same thing: eating food for energy and nutrients is required to live.  Eating more calories than you burn makes you gain weight (to put in ELI5 form).  It is wholly unhealthy to create an aggressive guilt cycle around eating; this can (and does!) lead to eating disorders like bulimia/anorexia and others.  Contrast this with the tobacco.  You can be as aggressive in your attack as you want.  There is no "healthy" level of tobacco use, and total abstinence is what is required.    One of the reasons obesity (and overeating) are so difficult to overcome is the because we **have** to have food to live.  A heroin addict needs to stay completely away from opiates.  An alcoholic must cut out alcohol completely.  A nicotine addict is the same.  Except for extreme examples (i.e. injury requiring opiate painkillers for a heroin addict, cessation therapy with methadone), all other addictions require at some point total abstinence.   Contrast this with obesity/overeating:  you have to have food.  You can abstain from junk/fast food, but if you still eat nothing but grilled chicken, raw vegetables, etc., you can still gain weight.  Compound that with the fact that biologically our bodies are programmed to *want* to store excess calories for "lean" times, and it becomes more difficult.  

	Score: 75
		Becoming fat is more gradual than smoking. There's a fat continuum, if you will - one day you eat too much, then you don't exercise enough...then one day you realize your pants don't fit. But you're still not fat, and certainly not unhealthily so. It takes time to get there, so targeted messaging at skinny people to get them to stay skinny isn't really going to result in all of these people suddenly saying, "oh! Maybe I won't have that donut or the other 47 donuts I will eat this year that will contribute to raising my BMI, and maybe I will work out an extra 200 times this year to keep fit." On the other hand, smoking is more binary: either you are or you aren't. You don't have to keep doing it to survive (unlike eating), so you can stop cold turkey with nothing but upside. So smoking ads can scare the bejesus out of non-smokers since it takes one simple action to become a smoker. But skinny people are skinny for a whole host of reasons, and becoming obese is a gradual process that is the result of many behaviors. 

	Score: 63
		Back in the 1950s your average Jane (we have less data about your average Joe because of a specific sort of sexist reporting) who knows nothing about health and just behaves typically might find herself underweight, rather than overweight.  Of course, marketing of the era did one thing identical to today by painting most of the healthy weight range as undesirable, but in that case in the opposite direction.  Have a Google for some of the hilarious weight-gain advertisements directed at women to help get rid of that unsightly thinness.  What's the difference between then and now?  There are a lot of things, but people who ate fewer calories than they expended would lose weight then just as easily as now.  That fundamental rule is the same.  Something, collectively, is altering our behavior as the societal level and it needs to be ferreted out.  If I were driving along the road, minding my own business, and my car plummeted into a spike trap, my asshole uncle might chide me for not avoiding spike-traps, but the responsible civil engineer would spend their effort figuring out why the fuck there was a spike trap in the road.  As a society, we generally solve problems of mass consequence by targeting the causes, or providing infrastructure that redirects people around the danger area.  We do not publish advice to Americans in this format: To be certain of your safety from terrorist attacks, avoid explosives.  To maintain a strong heart, avoid being stabbed in the chest by armed assailants.  To maintain solid year-round health, do not inhale any airborne pathogens.  To quit smoking, quit smoking.  This is all very solid advice, and if everyone followed it then none of these things would be a problem in modern society.  The trouble is that following this advice is sometimes impossible, sometimes unreasonable, and sometimes unhelpful to the point of tautology.  The human error involved in following these instructions is so high that it overshadows the usefulness of the instructions.  We handle terrorism by targeting the terrorists (usually badly, I admit).  We handle puncture-wound-induced heart disease by arresting and prosecuting slashers and other knife-wielding lunatics.  We handle epidemic disease with vaccines.  We handle smoking-related death primarily (in terms of effectiveness) by taxing the shit out of tobacco.  These solutions do not rely on individuals' ability to flawlessly carry out instructions that are at times confounding, difficult, impossible, contrary to their culture, or simply un-fun.  Plenty of problems are trivially avoidable if you ignore the fact that the steps taken to avoid them might fundamentally alter the lifestyle, self-image, or ability of the person to live the life they want, and then what good is the change?  Telling a schizophrenic to ignore the voices will produce the desired result immediately and flawlessly if the instructions are followed correctly, but the person in question would be suffering no less.  Their problem is not solved, they are now burdened with the additional task of exerting an impressive amount of willpower 24/7.  There are cases of specific overweight people effectively solving their weight problem by substituting cocaine for hamburgers to help handle their emotional troubles.  These individuals, though successful in their goal, are needless to say not better off.  Back to the topic at hand:  If we calculated the effectiveness of proper caloric intake against weight gain the same way we calculate the effectiveness of condoms we would have a chart that looks something like this:  *Effectiveness Statistics for Caloric Management Method of Weight Loss  * Proper use: 100% effective at reducing weight and maintaining desired weight over the course of a lifetime.  * Normal use: 5% effective at reducing weight and maintaining desired weight over the course of a lifetime.  That is one **HELL** of a confounding variable.  So much so, that the solution to the confounding variable is the solution to the problem itself.  Caloric Management is just the mechanism we're trying to interact with.  Figure out what it is that is causing the fucking 95% failure rate (that wasn't here 60 years ago) of a foolproof, perfect solution and you, sir, will know a great deal more about the human condition than anyone else alive today.

	Score: 61
		This kind of CMV comes up all the time!  Search this sub for "fat"/"obese"/"obesity" and you'll find lots of posts very similar to your own.  Perhaps reading some of those can help change your view.  If that doesn't, than perhaps this response (which I'll just copy verbatim from the [top response of this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2bjdpc/cmv_cmv_why_is_fatshaming_bad_the_ratio_of_obese/)) from /u/convoces can change your view:  > Why is fat shaming bad? Because fat shaming actually increases the risk of becoming or staying obese. >  > So although obesity is unhealthy, fat shaming is still bad since it does not help, and actually hurts. >  > There are better ways to help people become healthy. >  > > The present research demonstrates that, in addition to poorer mental health outcomes, weight discrimination has implications for obesity. Rather than motivating individuals to lose weight, weight discrimination increases risk for obesity...Participants who experienced weight discrimination were approximately 2.5 times more likely to become obese by follow-up (OR = 2.54, 95% CI = 1.58–4.08) and participants who were obese at baseline were three times more likely to remain obese at follow up (OR = 3.20, 95% CI = 2.06–4.97) than those who had not experienced such discrimination. >  > Source: http://www.plosone.org/article/info%3Adoi%2F10.1371%2Fjournal.pone.0070048

	Score: 61
		> anti-smoking ads make cigarette smokers want a cigarette.  it's true. When I see an anti-smoking campaign, I don't hear "cigarettes are bad." I already know they're bad. All I hear is "cigarette."  And then I'm like "mmm cigarette. I could go for one of those."

	Score: 60
		No, no. He passes out in *his* bed.  You are still alone.

	Score: 57
		Also as a fat guy who's working at losing weight, I only started really working at it once my self-esteem had improved to where I cared about myself and my appearance.   Every time I've slid back into bad habits (oh kung pow chicken and dumplings you are a seductive carby mistress) it's because I was feeling especially shitty that day, and cheating put me back in a shame spiral.  The thought has always been "If I'm so gross/inherently bad/unlovable, I might as well enjoy this entire dominos pizza."

	Score: 55
		We hardly tiptoe around it. Making fun of fat people is a national pastime. It happens all the time in movies and TV. Not to mention constantly promoting thin as the ideal, and selling people diet and exercise programs. 

	Score: 49
		We do do this for obesity, though. You've never seen an obesity PSA?  http://www.wimp.com/powerfulobesity/  It seems strange that you would hold this view when American culture is carb and weight-loss obsessed. I feel like we do quite a bit to make people feel guilty about being overweight.  EDIT: Remember that movie Super Size Me?

	Score: 44
		Example: I am definitely fat. Obese. But some days I look in the mirror and say "meh, not that bad, could be worse". Other days I hate myself and eat until I pass out in bed watching TV.

	Score: 42
		> The anti-smoking ads make more sense because smoking is frequently depicted as a sociable, active, and attractive activity.  As opposed to eating out? Food is widely associated with socialization and romance. Restaurants are depicted as social activities to the extent that, baring fast food, eating alone is considered weird. Restaurants are a corner-stone of dating.

	Score: 40
		[deleted]



CMV: Terrorism in the US is not a big deal and Trump's ban will have no impact on it
=======================================

	Score: 619
		I understand your point, but disagree.    Terrorism in the United States comes in many forms.  There is domestic right wing terrorism, left wing terrorism, terrorism from outside forces, and terrorism from Islamic extremists in the US.   The purpose of terrorism is not to kill people.  It is to effect cultural, political, governmental, or societal change.  Killing is the means to achieve that change.    To begin with, the 9/11 attacks were HUGELY successful in terms of changing US governmental policy and society.  If you don't believe me, we've been at war in Iraq and Afghanistan for 14 years, now.  Also, those regions have not been "pacified," they are still very unstable, and the US presence there is (currently) the chief cause of that instability.  Other groups have grown to take up the cause where al Qaida failed.  ISIS is the primary example.    US society is now VERY strongly divided among those who are in favor of prosecuting the "war on terrorism" against all Muslims versus those resisting that fight.  It's playing out in several international airports right now.    It also comes from current attempts by the GOP to criminalize dissent (https://theintercept.com/2017/01/23/lawmakers-in-eight-states-have-proposed-laws-criminalizing-peaceful-protest/).   In addition, the domestic, right-wing terrorists have been on a rampage lately.  They are not KILLING people (yet), but acts of violence, intimidation, threat, and assault are way up.  *(https://www.splcenter.org/hatewatch/2016/12/16/update-1094-bias-related-incidents-month-following-election)  Recently, mosques are being targeted by arsonists.   Texas. http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/texas-mosque-destroyed-early-morning-blaze-unknown-45111202  Washington State. http://www.seattlepi.com/local/crime/article/Charge-Bellevue-Mosque-arsonist-confessed-at-the-10863883.php  If you think this is bad, it's going to get MUCH worse.    The fact is that groups that are now living in fear will try to protect themselves.  There's already a LOT of talk about how to resist.    California is threatening to secede from the US.  http://www.cnbc.com/2017/01/27/california-succession-movement-starts-gathering-petition-signatures.html  In addition, the Trump Admin is threatening to withhold federal funds from sanctuary cities.  http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/01/26/511899896/trumps-threatens-sanctuary-cities-with-loss-of-federal-funds  In response, California is threatening to withhold all state taxes from the US government.   http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-01-28/california-threatens-cut-funds-washington  And all of this is due to the terrorist attacks on the US fifteen years ago.    Now, here's the nightmare scenario.    Someone tries to assassinate Trump.    If that happens, Trump will go full batshit crazy.  You ain't seen NOTHING yet.  Suspension of civil liberties.  Rounding up of suspected enemies.  Muzzling of the press in ALL forms.  And, no shit, martial law.  And ain't nothing going to be able to stop him short of civil war, or a military coup.    Terrorism is not about killing people. It's about destabilizing the society.    And it's working EXTREMELY well.   

	Score: 543
		Not sure if this is playing to the spirit of the rules, but regarding your second point "Trump's ban will have no impact on [Terrorism in the US]" this is not the case. By putting in place such a sweeping ban the only logical result I can see is that those in the affected countries who are more moderate (or at least not committed to heading to the US to kill people) are more likely to be pushed into extremism. For each force there is a reaction, and the reaction here is that more people will be driven to the point where they are willing to engage violently against the US.    Will the ban stop terrorists from making it to the US? Almost certainly not.    Will it impact the number of potential terrorists looking to enter the US to do people harm? Quite likely...

	Score: 319
		I would argue that your point is that "moral panic about terrorism" is a problem. Not "terrorism" is a problem. Like how the "moral panic about satanic sacrifice" was the problem in the 80s, not "satanic sacrifice".

	Score: 308
		I've been a terrorism researcher for over a decade. I teach graduate-level courses on terrorism. What you have said is accurate if you measure terrorism by frequency or lethality, but I disagree on some important points, most notably the ban.  His ban WILL have a huge impact on terrorism, by greatly increasing its likelihood.  "Terror studies" is still in its infancy, but there are a few things we do know. Scapegoated populations are more susceptible to radicalization and recruitment... So I fear that we will see increases in "inspired" attacks, like those we've seen in recent years, as well as more people attempting to join Daesh, which has seen a slump recently. This is what they have been praying for, literally. I've read accounts by members who can barely control their glee about Trump's policies. He is "sent from Allah," as one individual put it.  We also know that when Islamist attacks occur, we are more likely to see retaliatory hate crimes, and sometimes right-wing attacks. Now that Trump and his candidacy/presidency have put the wind back into the sails of the violent extremists of the right-wing variety, we will likely see increases in this as well. We haven't seen recruitment for right-wing groups like this since the 1990s, and to be honest, it makes me very anxious.  This creates a vicious cycle... Islamists attack because they feel marginalized and unjustly treated (this is insanely simplified, but in general, this is what they come to believe is their driving force). Right-wing groups retaliate, which makes Islamist extremists retaliate, and so on, and so on.   The troubling wrinkle in all of this is that we haven't seen left-wing groups in the US since the 1970s. I mean, they exist, but they've been pretty dormant. I fear that we will see an increase in their activity as well... They tend to emerge during times of social unrest, and boy howdy are we seeing that right about now!   Also, the eco-terrorism wave has been much quieter in recent years, but with the roll-back of environmental protections that this administration advocates, well, that could reinvigorate them as well.  In short, yes, terrorism is not a big problem in the U.S. if you measure it by fatalities. If you measure it by fear, over-reaction, and civil unrest, then we are in really troubling times, my friend... And Trump has managed to hit on all the variables that are correlated with increases in attack frequency and lethality across the ideological spectrum. I have absolutely no doubt in my mind that this ban will actually make things much, much worse, and I am very afraid.

	Score: 226
		Like I said, the entire purpose of terrorism is to create terror, not kill people.    Terrorism is the source of the terror.    It's the primary cause of the fear.  

	Score: 163
		Or you can just look to our own country and how easily people have fallen into spouting veiled and not so veiled xenophobic, racist, misogynistic, bigoted ideals to see how dangerous people are.

	Score: 155
		There is currently a terrorism issue in Europe, as a result of the migration. Trump is trying to prevent that from making it's way to the US.   Terror attacks since the refugee(migrant) crisis:   Charlie Hebdo  Paris Night Club (the metal show and cafe)  The Truck of Peace in Nice, France  The Truck of Peace more recently  Suicide Bombing in Brussels (Which Trump actually called a month before, there was a Call Brussels hashtag and commercial that was up on youtube for a month in response to him calling this out, until the bombing)     And there have been more, as well as more crime and other issues.     Do you worry about cancer after you have it, or do you wear sunscreen and not smoke?   > And this is ignoring the possible increase in terrorism from growing animosity, problems with relations between countries, the deaths of refugees that we don’t help, etc.   So, are you saying that because there is a ban on these countries which have known connections/ties/citizens of muslim extremist varieties, we're going to get more terrorists?  That sounds like you want people to give in to terrorist demands? Or are you saying that MUSLIMS are so barbaric that they will now resort to terrorism instead of trying to reform their religion for the modern world?   EDIT: Formatting 

	Score: 126
		Terrorism isn't a statistical problem. It's an emotional problem. The qualifier "valid" is irrelevant. You may consider the fears unfounded or invalid, but if they exist, terrorism is working. To a large extent, Trump's Presidency is one if the impacts of terrorism.   And his reaction to terrorism will only cause more of it and more fear of it, since what is central is assumed to be important. He is making terrorism central to political discourse so our brains will give it importance. As he gives more and more power to terrorism it becomes more and more powerful. 

	Score: 122
		Two things you might think about.  First, the impact of terrorism is not just the number of people killed - it's a political crime, aimed at causing *terror*. In 2001, certainly more people were killed by heart attacks than died on 9/11. However, the effect of that terrorist attack was to drag us into a war that has sapped our national resources for the past 15 years, costing trillions of dollars and who knows how many lives.  One might say "isn't the screening of muslims an example of letting the terrorists win?" Yes, it is.  But only imagine how very, very much worse it could get if there was another large terrorist attack on U.S. soil. It's reddit so I have no idea how old you are and if you remember the nationalistic fervor after 9/11- if there were a worse attack than that, you could see something far uglier than adding an extra inconvenience for muslims who go through customs.  Second, America does not have a terrorism problem... Yet. But look at the experience of France and Germany, who have experienced fairly regular killings of civilians at the hands of muslim migrants. Trucks driven through street fairs killing hundreds of people, the November 13, 2015 theater massacre in Paris and so on.  [Here is a timeline of terrorist acts in France since 2012](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33288542) and the same in [Germany for 2016](http://www.straitstimes.com/world/europe/timeline-of-attacks-and-foiled-plans-in-germany-in-2016). There were 8 terrorist attacks in Germany just in 2016.  It's much easier to catch extremists at the border than it is to root them out of a civilian population which includes many terrorist sympathizers who aid and abet. Ounce of prevention is better than a pound of cure.

	Score: 107
		But there are places where the fear of being blown up by a terrorist is just as valid as being in a car accident. That is a completely different situation where terrorism is an actual problem. Americans are almost as close to scared of their own shadow as possible.

	Score: 99
		First off, I'm not sure where you're from, but the Muslim situation in America is very different from the Muslim situation in Europe. I'm not sure of all the immigration stats in the various European countries, but some have been taking in over a 1% population increase from Muslim countries. That is incredibly difficult to integrate.  The US, on the other hand, takes in something like 0.01% of people from all Muslim countries. Much easier to integrate and there wasn't animosity before Trump. I pray it stays that way as Americans show their disdain for this xenophobia. But I fear it will almost certainly increase tensions between Americans and Muslims.  > That sounds like you want people to give in to terrorist demands? Or are you saying that MUSLIMS are so barbaric that they will now resort to terrorism instead of trying to reform their religion for the modern world?  That's a false dichotomy. How was it not clear that, in every population, there is a certain propensity to violence in certain people in most groups? And if there are 99 people who would never commit violence, and then 1 guy who has a 1% chance of radicalization. Then if this increases his chance of radicalization to 2%. That will double terrorism events when scaled up to large numbers. This happens in all groups. With different probability distributions, but the same principle.  I don't see why any reflection on how radicalization starts is seen as "giving into terrorist demands". Especially when the terrorists want Americans and Muslims divided.

	Score: 92
		Wow. Those seem like pretty dangerous people if they are that easily swayed into adherence to terrorist ideals. 

	Score: 90
		No, comparing how easy it is for a lot of people with anger to be tricked into being used.

	Score: 82
		∆  Nobody changes their mind as good as I do. NOBODY!   Yes, it only took 12 hours for me to agree that "will have no impact on it" is probably not true. It will probably have an impact in the wrong direction.  (Anyone else deserving of this point that I miss, please let me know.)

	Score: 75
		∆  Every CMV I do, I end up regretting the wording, haha. But yes, you and a few others have pointed out that Trumps ban could very well have an impact. Just in the wrong direction.  On a separate note: do you have any research out? I'd love to read it. And would you be at all interested in being on my podcast? I really want to cover this topic. PM me if it sounds interesting.

	Score: 69
		Look to how the white supremacy and nationalistic movements have spawned many of the white mass shooters in this country.  Look to Dylan Roof and the Charleston Church shooting.    Do we then seek to start a ban on all christian white men for the threat of white nationalism/white supremacy?  Do we say all white Christian men in this country are a 'dangerous people' because of the ideology of the fringe and the crimes of a few?  You need to stop seeing culture and religion as a black and white belief system and stop demonizing groups of people for where they were born or what religion they are.  Not all Muslims believe the same things, nor act upon their beliefs in the same way, the same as Christians don't.    Every argument you can make on this front about security and the 'dangerous' beliefs/people of the people you fear, can easily be reflected back upon whatever ethnicity or religion you are.  

	Score: 69
		I get what you're saying. And it's, honestly, the most compelling idea on the thread. But I just can't shake the idea that saying "terrorism is a problem in the US" is akin to saying "demon possession is a problem in the US". Both of the "problems" are perception problems. And would you not agree that being afraid of being killed in Iraq is very different from being afraid to be killed in the US? They seem like entirely different categories to me.

	Score: 59
		Comparing spouting mean words to mass killings, hmm.

	Score: 54
		> Much easier to integrate and there wasn't animosity before Trump.   This is a tricky statement, and I don't think it's a fair one to say. First of all, what does this mean? There was no animosity between US citizens and refugees? And by before Trump, do you mean before Trump took office? Because that just seems untrue. There was animosity.  > I pray it stays that way as Americans show their disdain for this xenophobia.  Why is not accepting refugees "xenophobic"? Can you tell me why you think it's irrational to not accept refugees from countries in which a large segment of the population wants us exterminated? Taking in Muslim refugees at this point seems as irrational as taking in German refugees during WW2, they are our enemy and we are at war.  > That's a false dichotomy.  No it's not, it's not even a dichotomy.  >  How was it not clear that, in every population, there is a certain propensity to violence in certain people in most groups?  And Muslims are particularly prone to such violence, as has been made clear by what's going on in their home countries, what's going on in Europe, and what has started to creep up again in the US again.  > Then if this increases his chance of radicalization to 2%.  We can get into the psychology of this, but I'm just wondering what evidence you have to support your idea that banning migrants from enemy nations will actually increase their desire to kill us. And also, even if it does, how can you claim that the increased desire to kill us will offset the benefit of taking in less potential radicals and actually lead to an increase in terrorism?  > I don't see why any reflection on how radicalization starts is seen as "giving into terrorist demands".  Except you're primarily *wrong* about how radicalization starts. Radical Islam operates under the Utopian idea of setting up a global Sharia state. People who believe in the cause and adopt that goal as their own personal goal are radicalized. I don't see how not being able to go to the US will magnify the attractiveness of that goal to potential radicals.

	Score: 52
		[deleted]



CMV: Replacing the word 'privilege' with the word 'disadvantage' and talking about hardships faced by those people would go farther in getting people involved in social advocacy.
=======================================

	Score: 690
		I think a lot of the issue is not with the term 'privilege' itself, but with a misunderstanding of what it means. Your privilege is just the sum of problems you *don't* face because you have a particular identity. Having a certain kind of privilege doesn't mean your life is easy or that you've done something wrong, it just means there are certain issues that don't affect you.  >If, instead, I was told about black disadvantages or gay disadvantages or female disadvantages, I would be significantly more likely to really take in what was being told to me and much more likely to take up advocacy with those already fighting.  A big part of the reason we use the term 'privilege' is to emphasize the fact that disadvantages do not exist in a vacuum. I saw a really great quote the other day in our local science museum's exhibit about race: it came from a white woman who talked about how while she had always learned about how things are harder for people of color, it never occurred to her that the obvious corollary to that is that things are easier for white people. If someone else is disadvantaged when compared to you, then you are by necessity advantaged.  Why does this matter? For a couple of reasons. One big one is that people in positions of privilege tend to underestimate how much that privilege plays a role in their life, and thereby judge disadvantaged people more harshly. For example, if you're a middle-aged white man who believes your job as a successful lawyer comes *only* from your hard work, you're more likely to see a middle-aged black janitor as lazy or less intelligent or whatever the case may be. And privilege doesn't delegitimize a person's hard work. That middle-aged white lawyer probably did work his ass off and deserves his job. But that doesn't mean his whiteness did not put him in a better position to do that work and gain that job than a black guy who is equally smart and hard-working. The danger in assuming your success comes only from hard work is that you then think those without success don't have it because they didn't work as hard.  The other major reason is to combat the idea that the straight white cisgender man is the "standard" in our society. We still treat straight white cis men as the default, and everything else as a deviation from that default. So since white is standard, black is disadvantaged. But if black people are disadvantaged, then white people must be advantaged. They don't get to set the bar. They exist in relation to everyone else, just like people of other races do. So instead of thinking, "I am normal and that group is less well-off," people in a privileged group can recognize that "I am more well-off and that group is less well-off." It makes them involved in the problem. It makes them part of the equation. We all exist in society together, and other people's disadvantages affect everyone, even if we don't always notice how.

	Score: 377
		> people in positions of privilege tend to underestimate how much that privilege plays a role in their life, and thereby judge disadvantaged people more harshly  Wouldn't this be mitigated by talking, instead, about the disadvantages facing black people and gay people, etc. If what I'm hearing is not about things that are more difficult for them but rather how things are easier for me, the only logical solution to a problem posed that way is to make things *harder* for me. And I don't want to do that. But if I'm told the problem is how things are *harder* for some people, then the logical solution is to make them easier instead. And that doesn't involve a lowering of my social status, it involves a *lifting* of theirs. It's hard to get people to buy into a lowering of their own position in life.

	Score: 304
		The difference between an advantage and a disadvantage is where you draw the baseline. If in a game of monopoly, I start with $2000 and you start with $1500 do I have an advantage or do you have a disadvantage? It really just depends on which amount of money "you are supposed to start with".   While the monopoly baseline is easy - just read the rules - moral baselines can be hard to evaluate, and people tend to put themselves at the moral baseline. From your point of view, you are at baseline, and they are below you. From their point of view, they are at baseline, and you are above them. This is why they use the word privilege, since relative to their baseline, you are ahead. 

	Score: 297
		> about the disadvantages facing black people and gay people, etc  Well, I mean, haven't we been doing that for decades? That's what the Civil Rights Movement and the LGBT Rights Movement was all about. And that worked up to a point. It worked to create legal equality. But that still didn't create equality in society. So now people are talking about "privilege," and IMO, the fact that so many people are defensive against it is a *good* thing. It means the message has reached you. You are aware of it and talking about it now. You weren't aware of it and talking about it a decade ago, even though a decade ago the narrative of disadvantages for minorities DID exist. But it wasn't until the narrative of privileges for white people came about that white people started paying attention.   Talking about "privilege" versus "disadvantages" changes the subject of the narrative from minorities to white people, and that is important. That's what gets white people's attention. 

	Score: 224
		This all makes perfect sense, but my CMV is about what language would be most effective in accomplishing the desired goals. Sometimes the most accurate words aren't the ones that get you the results you want. 

	Score: 180
		> How many times must someone ask nicely to get basic civil rights?  Zero. They should demand them **from the people who are preventing it from happening.**  Oh those people are dead or in elected office now? Great. Demand it from those dead and elected people. But start demanding it from me, a person who didn't take those rights away and who has never done anything to keep anyone down, and you aren't going to get the result you want. I'm not gonna start treating people poorly, but I *will* just go about my privileged life like I do currently. And if that's fine with you then it's fine with me. But if you decide you need help accomplishing these things and you'd like to enlist my help in dismantling systems of oppression that have existed for generations, then you don't get to act like you have a right to my efforts. You have a right to be treated equally under the law and, personally speaking, I would never treat anyone in a bigoted way. But that's the extent of the personal responsibility I feel when reacting to demands.

	Score: 177
		I won't argue that it got my attention. But attention isn't the same as buy-in or support or advocacy. My stance is that whatever positives occur due to the attention is cancelled out by people who dig their feet in and take it personally even if they won't say it openly.

	Score: 140
		> who has never done anything to keep anyone down  This absolutely isn't intended to "slam" you, but engaging in a system that perpetuates it *is* keeping folks down.  Do you call someone out on homophobic, sexist, racist behavior every time you see it happening? Do you use your privilege (or lack of disadvantage, if that's what you want to call it) to consistently campaign for the human rights of those who do not have that power? Do you eschew media, literature, entertainment, etc that supports racist/sexist/homophobic/etc views?  Everybody is part of this system. There are some people who benefit more than others. If you feel attacked for somebody saying that that's how things are (aka saying that some folks do have more privilege than others), I have difficulty empathizing. It's really just how things are, and choosing to say that you shouldn't have to be a part of the change is really privilege in and of itself.

	Score: 112
		Is there not a sense of perhaphs irony, in this that as a priviledged group we're to expect unprivileged groups to change their use of language to cater to us and to bring us to their viewpoint? Could we as a privileged group not actually just make more of an active effort to understand the issue at hand?   I think you also need to bare in mind that privilege as a term probably was not brought about solely for that purpose but most likely is part of a long and deep academic foray into the matter. Much like the concept of feminism it's been long referenced and established in academic circles so I'm not sure scrubbing out the word itself is the way to go about 're-marketing' the concept should it need that.

	Score: 110
		> wouldn't the battle be all but won if you won over white men?  Of course it would! The entire point of this post is that I know what personally tends to win *me* over when action is needed on my part. A friend telling me I have a responsibility to help him move would be met with laughter. A friend saying "I feel bad asking but I'm trying to find people who could help move some furniture; do you know anyone who might be ok with giving up a couple hours this weekend?" would almost always get a 'yes' response from me.   The problem is that many of the people who are members of the disadvantaged populations feel like they shouldn't have to say "I feel bad asking..." because in all reality they *shouldn't* have to ask like that. They *shouldn't* feel bad for asking. But it's the nature of how problems are solved when they require the efforts of people who didn't directly cause them. There's no doubt racism exists. But for its effects to be lessened will require the efforts of millions of people who *aren't* racist. 

	Score: 109
		Depends on who you are trying to convince  Targeting a white, middle class, male - maybe the language of privilege won't be terribly effective.   Targeting a non-white or women or lower-class person - the language of disadvantage is going to undermine your effects.   While there are many middle-class, white, men, in aggregate there are more women + non-whites + lower-class than not. So just going by the numbers, the privilege argument it is. 

	Score: 97
		How many times must someone ask nicely to get basic civil rights?  The Civil Rights Movement had to be shoved down white people's throats. The National Guard had to escort black kids to attend high school. Do you think asking the white protestors nicely to stop would have helped then?  When Kaepernick kneeled, he was the target of white anger nonstop...and he was just kneeling, quite possibly one of the least disruptive ways to protest something.  I understand that maybe being a bit aggressive towards the minds you are trying to change may seem like a suboptimal strategy, but the reality is that asking nicely never draws attention in scale. It may be the right strategy in a private setting where you know the individual you're trying to convince, but that is a different strategy than getting the government to step in on police brutality and other issues.

	Score: 95
		Well, getting your attention is step one. Then convincing you to support it is step two. But you can't get to step two without step one. I'd argue that the idea of "privilege" has been very very successful at getting the attention of white people way more than any narrative in the past has. I mean here we are talking about it when we weren't a decade ago. The discrimination and privilege was there a decade ago, but we weren't talking about it. Now we are.

	Score: 88
		> , I often find myself put off by being reminded of my privilege. [...] If, instead, I was told about black disadvantages or gay disadvantages or female disadvantages, I would be significantly more likely to really take in what was being told to me and much more likely to take up advocacy with those already fighting.  All right. I've got this great idea for a slogan that is specifically targeting a disadvantage faced by black people, and makes a claim to empower them against it:   **Black Lives Matter.**  Surely, no ambivalent white person would ever find a reason to feel attacked *by that one*, right? 

	Score: 85
		Yes, yes and yes. And of course it's privilege. I never said it wasn't. I said that if action is required on my part, demanding that action (as opposed to asking nicely for it) will get people nowhere.

	Score: 85
		I think the disconnect here is one of political philosophy.  chrislstark is approaching this from an individualist perspective, in which usually only direct actions between individuals should be considered in terms of morality, ethics, etc. In the case of civil injustice, the idea is that there is a specific set of perpetrators who should be blamed because they did certain things. Since he presumably hasn't done any proscribed behaviors, then he shouldn't be blamed or yelled at. He also has no obligation to do anything to help anyone else. It would certainly be nice, but if he doesn't do it, then it's neutral cause he didn't personally do anything bad either.  Your perspective is that everyone who lives in a society has to take responsibility for the outcomes of that society. There's also the idea that people have an obligation to help each other. A further view which you implicitly hold is that this obligation also must be discharged along the lines of a certain specific set of actions (i.e. calling people out, campaigning, boycotting).  Even the notion of human rights can be disagreed on. The former position is generally based around the idea of negative rights: People don't have the right to beat up others, and because of this, I have the right to not get beaten up. The latter position is generally based on positive rights: I have the right to the basic elements needed to have a happy life (food, shelter, healthcare, community, etc.) and it's incumbent upon society to provide those to a certain degree.

	Score: 83
		>Targeting a non-white or women or lower-class person - the language of disadvantage is going to undermine your effects.  Those people benefit from advocacy in those spaces. They don't need the same convincing that white males do. White males don't stand to benefit much from any effort to create more equality in society.

	Score: 75
		> Is there not a sense of perhaphs irony, in this that as a priviledged group we're to expect unprivileged groups to change their use of language to cater to us and to bring us to their viewpoint? Could we as a privileged group not actually just make more of an active effort to understand the issue at hand?  This is precisely what I'm saying doesn't seem to be working. Of course disadvantaged groups shouldn't be expected to change their language to cater to privileged groups. My opinion is that even though they shouldn't be expected to, more will get accomplished if they did. 

	Score: 61
		Well, we also just elected donald trump so I'm not sure how valid that is. Him and a lot of his supporters specifically cited the whole "privilege" and this new wave of Internet activists enforcing it as reasons to vote for him. I've seen this in my own life talking to trump supporters and on the Internet as well. They open with it because it's a very hard position to defend arguing why white people are privileged opposed to saying minorities have it hard. The whole changing in narratives may have gotten race issues in the spotlight more, but not in a positive context.

	Score: 59
		> There's nothing inherent about "privilege" that puts people on the defensive, except for the fact that people (mistakenly) think it's a hidden way of being called bad.  Close. It's a hidden way of telling people they have a responsibility to act a certain way in order to level the playing field. If telling a person they were really smart was followed up by a request to voluntarily take a lower grade in a class so that points could be given to a person who was not as smart, the smart person would not react positively.  



CMV: Our current Speed limit system(USA) is terrible and abused by police to fine the public.
=======================================

	Score: 946
		There have been [numerous studies](https://www.cga.ct.gov/2013/rpt/2013-R-0074.htm) on this topic and they pretty much all agree that increased speed limits translate to increased crashes and increased crash fatalities to varying degree.   People naturally are inclined to a) keep with the flow of traffic and b) push the envelope.  If you made the speed limit 65, everyone would be going 65-75, if you made it 75, they'd be going 75-85.  The higher you make it, the faster you force people to drive on the slow end (since they need to keep up with everyone else), and the faster people on the high end travel.   So yes, police can probably pull over 50% of people when the speed limit is 55.  They probably still will be able to pull over 50% of people if it were 65, 75, and beyond. 

	Score: 498
		Well, given that there are [court findings](https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20170209/09191536673/court-orders-small-ohio-speed-trap-town-to-refund-3-million-unconstitutional-speeding-tickets.shtml) of the police/local jursidction having abused said process, you are not asking us to prove that it never happens, right?  Because if changing your view requires me to do that, I can't.  I'm going to need some feedback as to what you will accept.  I mean, I could differ with your "term" as it were, and if that's enough, ok, but I am concerned by your title. 

	Score: 198
		Didn't know their were actual cases proving the abuse so you just furthered my view on that point does increasing one's belief count as a change? ∆  If you could change my view on the fact that it's a poor system in general foregoing the corruption issue that would work.

	Score: 196
		> I agree that people will still speed if the speed limit is higher, but then make it known that going 1 mph over is unacceptable and worthy of a full ticket fine.  Well, they do that already, right?   The list the fines [right on the back of the ticket.](http://www.state.nj.us/mvc/Violations/penalties_pointSchedule.htm)    > 39:4–98 	Exceeding maximum speed 1-14 mph over limit  That is literally saying 1mph over the speed limit is ticketable.  The problem with ticketing everyone driving 1mph over the limit is that a) technology limitations in clocking such a small differential and b) resources.  There just aren't enough police to do that.  It's like in the 70s when they wanted to put sky marshals on every flight in response to the rise in hijackings.  They realized "oh, there are 100,000 flights every day?  there is no way to do this".    > Right now it seems like it's lower than necessary just so they can meet their ticket quotas.  But I just pointed out that simply going from 55 to 65 increased the number of fatal crashes upwards of 20%.  You're saying that they're keeping it lower than necessary to write tickets, but couldn't it be that they're keeping it lower because it actually reduces people dying?

	Score: 192
		On the flip side, Germany's Autobahn has long stretches with no speed limits, with automobiles going an average of 142km/h (88mph) in 6 lane motorways, and 116km/h (72mph) in 4 lane. In these 4-lane motorways, 15% of drivers will even exceed a speed of 170km/h (106mph).  Despite that, Germany has just under half as many highway-related accidents.  Speed limits do make a difference, but they don't make as big a difference as driver education, as *reasonable and useful* enforcement and regulation, as design and maintenance of roads, and traffic laws. If we wanted to reduce accidents, these are the areas we would focus on, not speed limits.

	Score: 136
		I agree that people will still speed if the speed limit is higher, but then make it known that going 1 mph over is unacceptable and worthy of a full ticket fine. Right now it seems like it's lower than necessary just so they can meet their ticket quotas.

	Score: 123
		Civil Engineer here.  I design roads for a living.  >why is the average speed that the majority of drivers can safely drive be the "limit" you are allowed to legally drive on a road with no chance of being fined.  Speed limits are determined by the design speed of the roadway.  When I design a road, I use a specific speed to design the curves and superelevation of the roadway (the lateral slope) so that cars don't slip and have a comfortable driving experience.  Going above this design speed will cause difficulty for your car to handle the road.  The speed limit is typically set at 85% of the design speed rounded to the nearest 5 mph, so that when people speed, they don't die.  It's a factor of safety for the engineers, because we know people will speed regardless of where the speed limit is set and how many warning signs we put up.  85% of the design speed typically works out to between 5-10 mph below the design speed, except in the case of 25 mph and below roads, where there is no need for superelevation.  The higher the speed, the bigger curves need to be, and the more superelevated your road needs to be to allow cars to maintain speed.    For highways, there is a maximum allowable speed that is set by the federal government, and certain states will even reduce that speed limit based on their discretion.  This is based on crash data that suggests that people going over a certain speed will cause more accidents and fatalities.  So the speed limit is set such that a large majority of people who are speeding will fall within the design speed range (for a 70 mph highway, the design speed will be 80 mph).  Roads are designed for the 90th percentile driver, meaning that 90% of people will drive within the design constraints of a particular roadway.  Anything outside of those constraints is dangerous to both you and others on the road.    Cops are there to keep everybody safe.  So cops don't usually pull people over unless they're going 10+ mph over the speed limit on the highway (in my state anyway) for two reasons.  First is that people who are driving within 10 mph of the speed limit are driving within the design constraints of the roadway, which is technically safe as long as they aren't moving erratically.  On lower speed roads, 5 mph is the rule of thumb instead of 10 mph.  Second is that there are too few cops to pull everyone that speeds over, and if they're going to pull people over, they're going to try to get the most egregious offenders.  Edited to add:  If you want to learn more about highway design, my state has a [pdf of our design manual](http://www.scdot.org/doing/doingPDFs/HighwayDesign/2017_SCDOT_Roadway_Design_Manual.pdf) available for free online.

	Score: 117
		You can award a delta for whatever you want, and if "I am now aware that there are legal remedies being enacted against this abuse" counts, what is going to happen. 

	Score: 104
		It is also harder to get a license in Germany. [The failure rate for driving tests in 2011 was 28%.](http://www.t-online.de/auto/recht-und-verkehr/id_61798136/fuehrerschein-fast-jeder-dritte-faellt-durch-die-praktische-oder-theoretische-fahrpruefung.html) Also, [the cost of obtaining a licence for driving a car is on average €1,400 (US$1,800 in September 2014) but varies widely according to an individual's skill, city and region.](http://www.bild.de/auto/service/fuehrerschein/fahrschulen-preis-pkw-fuehrerschein-vergleich-studie-35874768.bild.html) 

	Score: 91
		The reason is jurisprudence. If I got a 1km/h over ticket, id go to court (im certain its been done), and say "I hit the gas slightly for a moment, sorry"  And the judge would be like, "oh yeah, thats reasonable as an excuse, dismissed"  So the police know this, and just dont bother with the 1 over and instead decide to ticket over X so as to not waste everyones time.  It's the enforcement that you are questionning, not the speed limits. 

	Score: 62
		This delta has been rejected. The length of your comment suggests that you haven't properly explained how /u/burrowed_username changed your view (comment rule 4).  DeltaBot is able to rescan edited comments. Please edit your comment with the required explanation.  ^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards) [​](HTTP://DB3PARAMSSTART {   "comment": "This is hidden text for DB3 to parse. Please contact the author of DB3 if you see this",   "issues": {     "littleText": 1   },   "parentUserName": "burrowed_username" } DB3PARAMSEND)

	Score: 55
		At least in my area, they can but they don't, unless you are being an ass.   Sure you can drive 65 in a 55 when traffic is light, and rarely will you get pulled over.   If you are moving in and out of traffic and pressuring the guys to move over so you can do 65 when traffic dictates 55, because these ass holes should be going faster you get pulled over.    IMO, the abuse in my area is where they made the decision not to keep changing the speed limit on a road.  Little windy road gets straight and flat for a mile, always a speed trap there.   New road built to get off of highway, a couple of miles long, obviously made to go faster, no crossroads, etc. that is where the speed traps are set up.   Traps are set up to maximize income not to create safety.

	Score: 53
		Civil engineering student here, it is actually pretty standard to set the speed limit only 5mph lower than the design speed. The reason it feels like the speed limit is so low is because design speeds are calculated using worse case scenarios, for instance a 2.5 second reaction time. You, as (presumably) quite average can probably notice some hazard and prepare to swerve around it much more quickly, but remember that 75 year olds with questionable eyesight are allowed to use the road as well. We have to design for the limiting factors, not the average.  [edit] whoops looked like a professional road designer already weighed elsewhere to say the same thing.

	Score: 52
		∆  

	Score: 50
		It's even harder to get a driver's license in Poland. The pass rate is ~34%.  Poland doesn't have statistics for accidents per billion km, but accidents per capita per year is 2.4x what it is in Germany, so this is definitely not the whole answer.

	Score: 45
		The other thing is limitations in technology.  Both in police measuring others speed and in you measuring your own speed.  What's the difference between 60 and 61 on your dashboard look like?  Well, depending on how exactly your speedometer is set up we're talking about 1 to 3 degrees.  That's not a whole lot of difference and when you've got a whole lot of things to worry about there's a lot of margin for personal error that is explainable.  Then you've got the difference in tire pressure.  A slight difference in tire pressure will result in 70 on the dash while you're actually going 71.  While maintaining tire pressure is a good thing, there is a range of "Safe" pressure that could result in varying speeds.  Then you've got the variation in the calibration of your speedometer.  It could easily get off by a degree or two and display slightly incorrect speeds without you realizing it because they're pretty close.  If it was 10 or 15 mph you'd probably notice, though, as you'd be racing past cars while thinking you were going the speed limit. (Or getting passed like crazy)  Then lastly, the speed monitors the police use aren't accurate to the decimal place many times.  Those would be much more expensive and/or larger so they get the cheaper ones that have +/- 2 mph or +/- 1 mph and then don't write tickets for folks barely over.

	Score: 39
		Eh, it's important to keep in mind that it's not just the speed limit that is different.  Germany also has a *much* more stringent drivers education, roads that are designed from the ground up to handle this kind of speeds and a regulatory body that ensures that all cars are maintained and fit to handle driving that fast (seriously, some of the cars that drive around in the states would give our DMV equivalent an aneurysm...).  I lived a few years in the states, and between the roads, the tendency to give everybody with a pulse a drivers licence and the kind of vehicles you see on the streets, I have a hard time seeing anything but carnage if you just do away with the speed limits.

	Score: 35
		One thing I think you're missing about the current system is that it mostly punishes lack of situational awareness. Police can enforce whatever limit they like, it doesn't really matter if you spot them before they spot you and have time to actually figure out your speed.     I'm a cab driver. I regularly drive on the highway in MA and CT as well as occasionally NY. My normal travel speed, if people aren't clogging up the passing lane, is about 75-80 in regular conditions. If I see cops, I keep it under 80. In the nearly 6 years I've been driving they've never pulled me over for speeding.     Why? Personally, I think it's because I demonstrate situational awareness. If a cop comes up behind me, lights on or no, I get the hell out of the way. If I see a cop in front of me, I make sure I'm below 80. I use my blinkers, I respond quickly, and I find my way into the other lane in seconds. I'm pretty certain one statie was about to pull me over until I got out of his way quickly.    Point being, if you keep an eye out around you and drive skillfully, it's been my experience that cops will often let a reasonable amount of speeding go. I guarantee if I drove at the speeds that I do without ever checking my rear view, though, I'd have been pulled over lots of times.     That said, the fact that I'm in a cab may cause them to view me more favorably. Even then, though, my experiences in my own vehicle have been pretty much the same. I'm also white, so there's that. 

	Score: 32
		Poland also has a big problem with drunk drivers and horrible roads. That's probably a big part of it. 

	Score: 31
		But why is 1 mph over ticketed if it is expected that going 55 is the normal average speed of a driver in a 55 speed limit area?  I do see the problem with technical difficulties clocking in 1mph differences always accurately. ∆  I agree that if everyone increased their speed by 10 there would be more crashes, by my main point is why is the average speed that the majority of drivers can safely drive be the "limit" you are allowed to legally drive on a road with no chance of being fined. I'm not arguing that everyone should drive faster.



CMV: Wanting to be called "they" rather than he or she is unreasonable.
=======================================

	Score: 1167
		They is an accepted and common gender neutral singular pronoun, although we are most familiar with it in written language, not spoken language. That being said, I understand the frustration to an extent. I know a person who is very similar: their gender presentation is, if not conventionally feminine, at least readably female but they prefer they/them pronouns and it can be difficult and confusing for your mind to see "she" and then need to remember to actually say they at first.   But here are a few reasons I don't think it's an "unreasonable" request:  1. It's not actually *that* difficult, once you accept it. It might be a challenge at first, but you will be surprised how quickly it becomes normal to see that person and think "they" once you've established that pattern. You are, of course, always allowed to just use their name. Someone preferring the pronoun they doesn't mean you can't use their name instead. 2. For some people, "they" is a political statement, one that articulates a resistance to the ways in which gender assignation shapes our lives and horizon of possibilities. While I don't necessarily agree that this is the "best" tactic for realizing this political critique, the denaturalization of gender is not a goal I disagree with. 3. For some people, "they" or other non-binary gender identities is a first step in coming to terms with binary trans identities. Of course, not all non-binary people will transition, but asking for gender neutral pronouns is a common way for people who are discomforted or even dysphoric about being gendered a particular way to get comfortable with the idea that they might be (binary) trans without making a full commitment. The person I mentioned above? Their partner also preferred they/them pronouns when I first met him, but he is now in the process of medical and legal transition and uses he/him. They/them allowed him to explore his gender identity and accept that he is a transman because it provided time and space for him to begin thinking of himself outside of his assigned female identity.   In short, my view is basically: unless you hold the position that there are two "real" genders that always and without fail align perfectly with biological sex, there is not real reason not to recognize and incorporate non-binary pronouns into your vocabulary. The benefits outweigh the burden, and once you become accustomed to it, it's not actually that difficult. That being said, if you are acting in good faith and mistakenly slip up once or twice and the person in question is an unforgiving jerk about it, they are an *unreasonable* person. But that doesn't mean the use of gender neutral pronouns is unreasonable.

	Score: 536
		Thank you for your thorough response!  First, the student reacted angrily and seemed accusing and argumentative right off the bat, which I think may have lead me to think of it as unreasonable immediately. I agree that it is fine as a singular neutral pronoun. However, the student made it clear that they prefer this pronoun in the plural sense.  I'm looking for a way to rationalize this plurality, and your mention of a "transition state" sort of helped with that. &#8710;

	Score: 401
		I think them "calling you out" for "assuming" their gender was uncalled for. However, if they had politely said "Hey, I don't identify as female, could you please refer to me as 'they'?" do you think it would be more palatable to you?  I have a friend who came out as non-binary last year and prefers they/them/their(s) as well. They understand it is an adjustment as they appear physically female and have a female name so they're not militant about it (even typing it I have to think for a minute about not typing "she"). Do you think that's part of it, the way they presented their request to you rather than the request itself?  Think about this: if someone calls you by the wrong name does that frustrate you? I have a higher-pitched voice than the average man and am sometimes called "ma'am" on the phone. It irks me but I've gotten tired of correcting people. Don't you think it would be frustrating to be called something you think doesn't identify you?

	Score: 249
		I'm going to chime in a as person who grew up feeling like two people trapped in one body. I don't talk about this all that often.  I was going through puberty when transgender issues were just barely creeping into the mainstream media, and the internet had just made its way into our house.   I thought for a long time that I was trans. A boy trapped in a girl's body. I researched the transition process, I read stories online about the experiences of other ftm humans. I experimented with binding my chest and dressing in androgynous clothes. I longed for a different set of genitalia.   I have vivid dreams where I am a boy, making love to women and men. I have day dreams, when I imagine myself being intimate, that I am a man. In those dreams, by day and night, I have a complete male body and identity.   And yet, I'm also a girl. I have dreams and day dreams as a girl. There is a part of me that is female, a whole and complete female personal who exist in this body and enjoys sex in this body. It's like I grew up cultivating two people. I'm not just bisexual in the sense that I am attracted to both men and women- it's like there are two people of different sexes inside me. Two very real sexual identities, personalities, genders, what ever you want to use to describe it.   For personal reasons only my very close friends know about this, and I'm just beginning to explore ways to express it, and be both of "myselves" out in the public sphere- it's uncomfortable and liberating. Again, I grew up in the very beginnings of the internet opening worlds of alternate ideas about gender and sexual identity beyond gay, straight, and bi- the T was only just finding its way onto everyday use of the LGBTQ acronym.  When I was an angsty teenager, I used to listen to this song "half jack" by the the Dresden Dolls a lot. And if I had known that I could simply keep both of my gender identities, I might have been less distressed about my sexuality in those years. If I could have simply told people, how I was feeling, that I wasn't just a girl or a boy, that I'm *both*, I would have likely done so.   But I didn't encounter a person who used the pronoun "they" to refer to themselves until a year ago. And when I did, I went home and cried.    

	Score: 247
		Yeah, it could very much be a transitional move, transitioning towards transitioning if you will. Alternatively, the "plural" thing could be the student's way of trying to articulate that they don't feel fully comfortable with either gender label and its expectations, a feeling which often pushes some people to say they are neither (agender) or both (bigender).  I think the problem a lot of people have with these identities is that (almost) no one feels 100% comfortable with the expectations set for them by their assigned gender, but most people negotiate that discomfort within the rubric of that identity, so through challenging stereotypes (women can play sports! its okay for men to cry!) or by disciplining themselves in ways that cultivate the things they lack but feel are expected. For people who take a non-binary approach, they are attempting to kind of "opt out" of that struggle by reconceptualizing what it means to "have a gender" instead of reconceptualizing what each gender means. People who have political motivations to defend or reinforce the gender binary see this as the ultimate threat, and it often gets portrayed as some sort of insincere or self-aggrandizing performance in a way to delegitimize that move. Because I don't have that political commitment, I can sympathize with non-binary folks despite being a fairly conventional ciswoman: gendered expectations fuck us all up in some way and non-binary are merely looking for strategies for dealing with that, same as anyone else. To me, is seems exceedingly reasonable. More reasonable, in fact, than the belief that everyone is or should be 100% comfortable with gender assignation.  And honestly, it sounds like that student is just a jerk who is non-binary and is also a jerk about it.   Edit: thanks for the delta!

	Score: 208
		I agree with you. But I would like to point out that “they” can apply to a single person:  *The patient should be told at the outset how much they will be required to pay.*  *They left their umbrella here*  Not the view you were looking to change, and I don’t know if that will change the way you look at the rest of the issue.

	Score: 174
		Thanks for your response! This makes it easier to "embrace" I guess.  Focusing on their feelings rather than the reason for their need for plurality is a much kinder outlook I will try to adopt. &#8710;

	Score: 125
		Thank you for your response I gave a delta to another user for suggesting I think of it from their perspective without necessarily considering the need for plurality. Your post also gave me great insight into the feelings aspect and I really appreciate that you shared that. This also helps to explain the plurality. &#8710;

	Score: 81
		It might be frustrating at first (I've been mistaken as a female many times because of long hair), but you should learn to process that frustration in a productive manner by accepting that you will never be able to control the way others perceive you in life. Be accepting and understanding of that fact...you can only control how you perceive yourself. You can only control your own thoughts. The sooner you realize that and just be loving and accepting of yourself...gaining genuine self-confidence rather than ego-based "confidence" that is easily shattered by the "misperceptions" of others...the easier your life will get.  I fear that many people are just going in the wrong direction with this by trying to force a certain way of perceiving the outside world onto others. We can only control our own perception, and that's a good thing. Use it to your advantage and be loving and understanding of others, and many will probably try to do the same for you (though not everyone, but again you can't control that).

	Score: 72
		That isn't the way to go about it ever. Nobody likes being tactlessly called out, especially in front of a group of people. It's incredibly rude and aggressive . That just puts the person on the defensive(not saying you were being defensive) even if they wholeheartedly agree with what is being said. That's not constructive. The proper way to handle such a situation is to approach the person one on one and calmly explain how you'd like to be addressed. They were being unreasonable about a completely reasonable request. 

	Score: 60
		[deleted]

	Score: 57
		Singular "they" as a gender-neutral pronoun has [historical usage](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singular_they?wprov=sfla1) dating back to Shakespeare and beyond.  There's nothing grammatically abnormal about it, despite what overly pedantic prescriptivists claim.  And even if that wasn't the case, language changes and evolves over time. "You" used to be the plural form of the second-person singular pronoun "thou/thee," but you don't see people arguing about that one (even grammar purists). These things aren't written in stone.  Edit: "Ye" was the nominative plural, and "you" the accusative. "Thou" was the nominative singular, and "thee" the accusative.

	Score: 56
		The English language is constantly evolving and changing based on how it's used by people. Many things which are now considered "correct" were at one point improper.  In this situation, the student in question has a problem: they do not associate either as exclusively male or female, yet the typical language usage *requires* such a choice. So they decided to go with a third option, neither "he" nor "she". (See what I did there? Didn't sound so bad, did it?)  If you look up the "singular they", you'll see that it in fact has been in use in English for hundreds of years. There have been other proposals for pronouns that are not binary-gendered such as "ze", and some people prefer to use that. As our culture evolves to have a more nuanced appreciation of gender, our language will evolve with it. The use of "they" in this situation is an attempt to fit in with existing language usage, without being dishonest or hurtful about that individual's identity.

	Score: 55
		I honestly think that you're overthinking it.  It's like if you said to your coworker "Hey, Becky, how's it going?" and she said "Actually, my name isn't Becky- it's Vanessa. I'm doing great, how are you?" And from then on you called her Vanessa. That's it. Full stop. I think common decency is if someone doesn't want to be called something, don't call them that. It isn't up to you weigh the reasonableness of it.

	Score: 54
		Your post seems to focus on people other than the trans person, whereas OP’s question seemed to be about the reasonableness of the trans person *expecting* others to use nonstandard pronouns.  >	It's not actually that difficult  “Not a difficult request” is different from “not a reasonable request”. It’s not difficult for you to call me “Your Majesty”, but that doesn’t mean that it’s reasonable for me to expect you to do so.  >	For some people, "they" is a political statement  Again, is it *reasonable* for someone to expect all other people to embrace that political statement? Is everybody simply expected to agree that “the denaturalization of gender” is a worthy goal?  >	For some people, "they" or other non-binary gender identities is a first step in coming to terms with binary trans identities  >	That being said, if you are acting in good faith and mistakenly slip up once or twice and the person in question is an unforgiving jerk about it, they are an unreasonable person.  These are the only parts of your post that actually addresses the reasonableness of the request. Even so, I think this is a decent argument for using “they” upon request, but not for using pronons like “zhe”. It seems to me as if using “made-up” pronouns like that (rather than “they”, which is the closest thing English has to a singular neuter pronoun) is far more likely to be a political statement than an honest attempt to come to terms with feeling neither male nor female. Thoughts? 

	Score: 49
		I believe that it is reasonable to want to be called whatever you like. Expecting everyone to guess that you don't identify with he/she and calling everyone out for assuming, is ridiculous. You first need to let me know what you like me to call you, and then throw a fit it I don't. Not everyone is out to get you, or doesn't respect your preference. Using he/she is a social conformity that speeds up our social interactions.  If you require different treatment, fine by me, but let me know first and cut me some slack for not being a clairvoyant.

	Score: 38
		To me, it is a sign of respect. If someone requests something simple like what you call them, you can try to do it or not. Saying something is unreasonable because you do not understand it is an even worse argument than theirs for wanting to be called they. Clearly they do not identify as he or she, and that’s up to them. You can respect that or not. You also repeatedly referred to the student as “she” in your post, which to me seems like a deliberate move to not address them as requested. You might think you support lgbtq and the community (and you probably do more than most around you if you live in a small town) but I think the bottom line is that you can not understand their position without hearing their side.   This student likely formed that identity for specific and personal reasons. If you really wanted to support that student, and lgbt in general, i think you would have to acknowledge that and give them the benefit of the doubt without needing a reason. You would likely be offended if somebody called you a “she” (assuming you identify as male) and this student feels the same way. Maybe it’s physiological or maybe they simply do not like labels, but remember that what this person likely goes through in maintaining their identity is a lot more work and ridicule than the simple request of having others address them by a simple pronoun, especially if your town is anything like the small, conservative place that I taught in for several years. 

	Score: 37
		You use “they” singular in everyday life.   “The postman came” “Oh, did they bring anything exciting?”  When you don’t know someone’s gender, it’s perfectly acceptable to use they. When someone wants to be called they, I think it’s hardly unreasonable.   Also- consider this: you can spend the tiny amount of effort required to call them they, and they’ll be really happy and feel validated and no one is upset. You can not bother with the effort and upset them, pretty much causing sadness for no reason.   Agender female myself. I look very feminine. I’m not actually fussed about pronouns but I fully understand why some would be. 

	Score: 37
		Thanks for your reply! I think that really would make it easier to use if "they" hadn't specified that "they" feel like "they" are plural. That helps, but I guess I am sort of looking for an explanation as to why this is a reasonable expectation for the student ("students"? lol idek) to hold others to.

	Score: 36
		That comes across as a well reasoned train of thought. To give you a bit of insight from the other side of the tracks, i'd like to offer an example of why trans folk can get bent out of shape about the gender assumption.  Let's say your name is bill. Everyone else with reddish brown hair is named bob, but you, also with reddish brown hair, are named bill. Pretty much every time someome addresses you, they call you bob. You correct them, but having to do that dozens of times a day gets exhausting. It starts to feel like part of your identity is being erased for the sake of convenience of the masses. Sure, you could wear a name tag everywhere you go (and some trans folks do wear pins with their pronouns), but you're already seen as weird for not being a bob, and that's just one more thing to make you stick out. Eventually, especially after people have been questioning whether your name is really bob or bill, and some folks flat out telling you that you're wrong, compounded over years and years, you decide "fuck those people, they're not even trying. How hard is it to just ask someone's name when you meet them instead of assuming based on some bullshit hair color".   All other people see though, is the angry outburst, and not the context. Now people might finally know your name is bill, but they think you're an asshole (and some of them still think you're lying and your name is really bob amyway). 



CMV: Liberals should abandon identity politics and instead focus on class/economic issues
=======================================

	Score: 906
		It is difficult if not impossible to discuss class/economic issues without engaging with identity politics. If black people are overrepresented in the criminal justice system and women are underrepresented in boardrooms, those are going to have major economic consequences which you would then be unable to discuss. You can't discuss corruption without discussing things like for-profit prisons or exploitation of immigrant labor, which have a significant racial component.  Discussing class without race is ignoring large parts of the issue.

	Score: 313
		So how do you suggest "liberals" address issues like criminal justice reform where a disproportionate amount of black people are handed harsher sentences compared to other racial groups without playing identity politics, or how to liberals tackle  "conservatives" drawing voting districts in ways that suppress the collective power of minority voters? Just like conservatives utilize identity politics to create winning coalitions of voters, liberals do the same. Running only on the issues won't cut it in American politics.

	Score: 262
		> You can't discuss corruption without discussing things like for-profit prisons or exploitation of immigrant labor, which have a significant racial component.  I agree they have a racial component but not a racial cause. For profit prison corruption doesn't put people in jail because they are black. It puts poor people in jail because it makes the owners of the prisons more money. So locking people up for a dimebag is the issue, not that more people locked up for dimebags are black. 

	Score: 246
		Well, the flaw in your logic seems to be that the racial inequality inherent in this issue will "naturally" dissipate, with 100+ years of evidence to the contrary. Even assuming that we manage to eliminate private prisons, how does this address the issue of court sentencing? Not only does this not address the reason private prisons are so incredibly lucrative (harsh sentencing for even minor infractions with a lack of serious efforts of rehabilitation), the courts will continue to hand out more convictions and impose harsher sentences on minority defendants, and minorites will remain over-represented in what would now be state-run prisons. You advocating for destroying private prisons without addressing (and arguably trivializing) the bigger problem hurting minority communities and our nation as a whole.  But bringing us back on topic, why should liberals drop the winning strategy of building coalitions of voters through identity politics by running on the issues? The GOP has been highly successful playing identity politics and winning elections. 

	Score: 221
		u/disguisedasrobinhood made  a really good point that I would like to expand on:   *Who do you think the liberals are in the first place?*  You speak as if there would be a small group of leaders cynically and pragmatically setting course for a pre-determined agenda.   In reality, "liberals" and "conservatives" are two huge swathes of the American population, who have grouped together and self-identified based on various historical circumstances.   When a site like the Huffington Post posts both reports from Washington politics, and has a whole Queer Voices section, or when Jezebel posts both celebrity gossip and feminist manifestos, or when a movie reviewer on youtube disses Trump in one aside joke, and then defends Colin Caepernick in another, or when a Democratic congressional primary's participant tries to appeal all of the above people, that's not because some sort of Chief Liberal has issued a decree that identity politics is the official direction.   It is because these are things that liberals *actually do believe in*, and because it's part of their subculture and lifestyles. Many liberals *are* in fact women, people of color, and LGBT, and they WILL talk about their unique political grievances on the same platforms where they talk about more universal politics.   Asking liberals to stop talking about minority grievances, is like asking conservatives to stop talking about God. You can try,.. but you realize that most of them are *actually religious*, do you? It's not just something they were ordered to say, it is the way they really see the world.  Even if there would be a Chief Conservative to declare that they are secularizing the ideology, how would you enforce it on a population that wants to go on?  

	Score: 191
		I can't recall the users name, but I held a similar position as you until I read through his comment from about a year ago:   > You can't interpret the economic and social situation of the African American community in a vacuum without considering the broader history of racism in America. We know from centuries of research that the most important type of wealth is generational wealth, assets that can pass from one generation to another. You wouldn't have the opportunities that you have today if your parents didn't have the opportunities they had, and they in turn wouldn't have had their success in life without the success of your grandparents, etc.  > Considering that we know this, consider the economic plight of the average African American family in America. When slavery was abolished, there were no reparations. There was no forty acres and a mule. There was no education system that was both willing and able to accommodate African American children, to say nothing of illiterate adults. With the exception of a brief moment of Reconstruction, there was no significant force dedicated to upholding the safety and political rights of African Americans. Is it any wonder that sharecropping became such a ubiquitous system of labor? For many freed slaves, they quickly wound up working for their masters once again, with very little changes in their day to day lives. And through all of this, white America was profiting off of the work of black America, plundering their property and labor. When slavery was abolished, it was a more lucrative field than all of American manufacturing combined, including the new railroad. The American industrial revolution/rise of big business was already booming, but it was overshadowed by the obscene wealth of plantation slavery. By 1860, one in four Southern Americans owned a slave. Many southern states were majority black, up to 70% black in certain counties of my home state Virginia, the vast majority of them unfree laborers. Mississippi and South Carolina were both majority black. There's a reason that the South was able to pay off its debts after the Revolution so quickly. When you consider just how essential black uncompensated labor was to this country, it's no exaggeration to say that slaves built America.  > From this moment onewards til about the 1960s, racism was the law of the land. Sharecropping was slavery by another name and "separate but equal" was an offense against human rights, and those two institutions alone created a massive opportunity gap that has continued repercussions in the today. But what very few people consider is the extent to which the American government empowered people to create or acquire wealth during this time, and the extent to which they denied black Americans the same chances. There was no "Homestead Act" for black people, for instance. When FDR signed the Social Security Act, he specifically endorsed a provision that denied SS benefits to laborers who worked "in the house or the field," in so doing creating a social security net that the NAACP described as "a sieve with holes just big enough for the majority of Negroes to fall through.” Black families paid far more than their white counterparts trying to support past generations instead of investing in the future. During the Great Depression, elder poverty was above 50%. Consider on top of this how expensive it is to be poor, especially when you are black. If your son gets sick but you are white and can buy insurance, you will be set back the deductible and copay. If you are black and shut out of an insurance market, you may burn your life savings on care and still not find an good doctor willing to help a black patient. This idea that the poor and socially disadvantaged are more vulnerable is called exploitation theory, and it's really important to understanding race in America.  > Nowhere is exploitation theory more important than in housing. It's obvious that desegregation was never a platform that this nation embraced wholeheartedly, but the extent that segregation was a manifestation of formal policy is something that often gets forgotten. The home is the most important piece of wealth in American history, and once you consider the home ownership prospects of African Americans you'll instantly understand how vital and essential the past remains in interpreting the present when it comes to race.   > During the 1930s, America established the FHA, an agency dedicated to evaluating the worth of property and helping Americans afford homes. The FHA pioneered a policy called "redlining," in which the worth of a piece of property was tied to the racial diversity of its neighborhood, with more diversity driving down price. When white homeowners complained that their colored neighbors drove down prices, they were speaking literally. In addition, the FHA and other banks which used their ratings (which were all of them, more or less) resolved not to give a loan to any black family who would increase the racial diversity of a neighborhood (in practice a barrier of proof so high that virtually no black families received financial aid in purchasing a home). These practices did not end until 1968, and by then the damage had been done. In 1930, 30% of Americans owned homes. By 1960, 60% of them did, largely because of the FHA and the lending practices its presence in the market enabled.   > Black families, cut out of this new American housing market and the government guarantees which made it possible, had nowhere to go. This was all taking place during the Great Migration. Black families were fleeing from old plantation estates where they still were treated like slaves, and traveling to the North in search of a better life. When they arrived, there was nowhere to live. White real estate owners quickly realized how to exploit the vulnerability of the black community. They bought up property and sold homes to African American families "on contract." These contracts were overpriced, and very few could afford to keep their homes. To make matters worse, these contracts were routinely broken. Often contracts guaranteed heating or other bills, but these amenities would never be covered. Even though black families "bought" these houses, a contract is not like a mortgage-- there was little to no expectation of future ownership. The owners of these contract houses would loan the property, wait for payments to cease, evict the family, and open the house up to the next gullible buyer fleeing from lynching in the south. None of it mattered. By 1962, 85% of black homeowners in Chicago lived in contract homes. And these numbers are comparable to cities all across the country. For every family that could keep holding onto the property til these practices were outlawed, a dozen spent their life savings on an elusive dream of home ownership that would never come to fruition.  > This practice of exploiting African Americans to sell estate had real consequences. As black contract buyers streamed into a neighborhood, the FHA took notice. In addition to racist opposition to integration from white homeowners, even the well-intentioned had difficulty staying in a neighborhood as the value of their house went down. How could you take out a loan to pay for your daughter's college or finance a business with the collateral of a low-value piece of land? White flight is not something that the U.S. government can wash its hands of. It was social engineering, upheld by government policy. As white families left these neighborhoods, contract buyers bought their houses at a fraction of the cost and expanded their operation, selling more houses on contract and finally selling the real estate to the federal government when the government moved into public housing, virtually ensuring that public housing would not help black families move into neighborhoods of opportunity. And the FHA's policies also helped whites: without the sterling credit ratings that businessmen in lily-white communities could buy at, there would be no modern suburb. All of this remains today. When you map neighborhoods in which contract buyers were active against a map of modern ghettos, you get a near-perfect match. Ritzy white neighborhoods became majority-black ghettos overnight.  > I said that this was all going to be a history lesson, but there's an important facet of sociology that you need in order to complete the story. There's a certain type of neighborhood that's known as a "nexus of concentrated poverty," a space where poverty is such a default state that certain aspects of economic and social life begin to break down. The level is disputed, but for the purposes of the census the U.S. government defines concentrated poverty as 40% or more of residents living below the poverty line. At this level, everything ceases to function. Schools, funded by taxpayer dollars, cannot deliver a good education. Families, sustained by economic opportunity, cannot stay together. Citizens, turned into productive members of society through ties to the economic well-being of that society, turn to crime out of social disorder. *In America today, 4% of white adults have grown up in such neighborhoods. 62% of black adults were raised in them.*  I still wholeheartedly agree that class and wealth inequality issues are not only easier to run on, but are more popular in the American electorate as a whole. However, it seems historically apparent that it is fundamentally impossible to address one without the other.   EDIT: credit /u/wiibiiz who originally posted this well detailed argument about a year ago.     

	Score: 174
		The right is successful with it specifically because they're representing majority identities. Your issue is not with "identity politics", it's with minorities getting representation. 

	Score: 161
		[This should pretty effectively serve as proof of my claims.](http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/23/politics/john-ehrlichman-richard-nixon-drug-war-blacks-hippie/index.html)  To an extent, yes, black communities are still targeted. Prosecutors are much more likely to pursue the death penalty in applicable cases when the defendant is black than when they're white. Black people are much more likely to be stopped by police in a given situation, and the Stop and Frisk policies that Trump and Sessions both advocate for have been struck down by federal courts in the past for being explicitly, overwhelmingly racist, by allowing police to racially profile people they otherwise have no reason to suspect. I am quite sure that private prisons do lobby Congress for policies that are "tough on crime," but in practice, these policies disproportionately affect black populations.  The problem with the notion that Democrats should abandon identity politics is that if we do, marginalized communities have no protection against a Republican Party that has absolutely no problem engaging in identity politics for the sake of hurting those groups. At *least* once a year a state voter ID law gets struck down by a court for targeting black people. States are often told to redraw their district maps because the state engaged in racial gerrymandering. These aren't class issues, these are race issues, and once the door is opened to the reality that a significant portion of the Republican Party does engage in these *explicitly* racist policies, we really have to assume that other areas that may be more grey (e.g. the war on drugs) also have a racial slant.

	Score: 150
		> disproportionate amount of black people are handed harsher sentences  While this is true, the much larger problem is that the people put in jail are overwhelmingly poor because they can be easily exploited and can't pay for legal representation. The fact that they are disproportionately black is secondary and a result of hundreds of years of exploitation.  The problem of criminal justice reform is that people are getting rich by filling prisons. If you corrected that error and took the profit motive away from incarceration figures, many of the racial inequalities will work out naturally. Once this first part is fixed, then we can go on to focusing on the sentencing incongruences. 

	Score: 142
		So here is the thing, the left isn't the only one to use identity politics, in fact it is far more often a right wing practice. But there are often practical uses of identity politics in a democratic culture to actually talk about disenfranchisement. Hell even class and economic problems are a form of identity politics, they just tend to talk about problems in a different way.  The real problem lies in finding ways to talk about issues while appealing to people in a convincing way, a thing that honestly the left wing identity politicians have had a problem doing. 

	Score: 138
		I saw this so much when those bills came in to ban trans people from using their preferred bathroom.. Conservatives lead those bills, they wrote them, introduced them and passed or tried to pass them.. yet somehow the opposition to them is 'playing identity politics' and the 'left caring more about trans people than <insert yourself here>'  There was no problem until Conservatives were trying to legislate one against trans people.. against people based SOLELY on an identity. How many other bills can you find that are specifically targeting a group like that, that's 'identity politics' right there.. not the opposition to them..   in the end its just a way to beat up on the left, just like 'virtue signaling' which as far as I can tell only applied when someone signals a liberal/progressive stance 

	Score: 136
		Class/economic issues are identity politics.  The notion of the "ignored blue collar worker," for example, is 100% identity politics and has basically the same rhetoric surrounding it.

	Score: 125
		The issue is that the War on Drugs started in the first place largely to target and dismantle black communities (along with hippies) in the late 1960s and early 1970s under Richard Nixon. People started getting locked up for dimebags in the first place because they were black, and it escalated from there. 

	Score: 124
		Why does it have to be either/or? Why can't we target poverty as well as systemic racism? You seem to be drawing a false dichotomy here in order to support neglecting a significant part of the problem. 

	Score: 111
		I understand your argument is not one of fairness (you agree that identity issues exists and deserve solutions) but one of pragmatism: you conclude that, regardless of fairness, you can't affect change if you frame issues as problems of a minority.  I think the weakness in your argument is evident when you look to the minority voters themselves: the moment you present an agenda that talks class/economic issues but doesn't explicitly connect the issue to minority identities, these minorities disengage.  You can see this through this thread: "you are wrong because minorities are oppressed and you can't ignore that". So your view would lose minority voters faster than it gains voters everywhere else.    Someone said here right wing voters are willing to vote against their interest. I argue that left wing minority voters will vote against their interest on economic/class issues (by not showing up to vote) unless you frame them as identity politics. 

	Score: 108
		The point is it's *all* "identity politics", but for some reason that's only a bad thing when those on the left do it.

	Score: 99
		You need to begin by qualifying what you think constitutes identity politics and why you think class is somehow not an identity?

	Score: 98
		First, to clarify any confusion - "liberals" is an ambiguous term.  Liberals can refer to classical liberals from the Enlightenment tradition who would be classified as right wing in today's US political climate.  I think you should probably use the term "political left" to describe what you're saying.  >Class/economic issues should become the leading message for liberals, given the broader appeal it would naturally have.   I don't think that's true.  The left has historically tried to advance the class/economic argument, which is essentially a socialist message that advances redistribution instead of free market and small government.  Americans have historically rejected attempts to be divided along class lines.  We are unique in that sense from Europe.  The left today always lament that some poor people "vote against their self-interest" and patronize them like they're idiots.  It never occurs to them that some people would rather vote according to principle that advances the general welfare rather than vote to put money into their own pockets, and that maybe it's worthwhile to ENCOURAGE that type of civic philosophy rather than mock it.  This (probably apocryphal) quote from Franklin is illustrative: “When the people find that they can vote themselves money that will herald the end of the republic.”

	Score: 89
		Claiming that straight white males feel a certain way, as part of an argument, is engaging in identity politics. Understanding that the right riles up straight white males is acknowledging that they also engage in identity politics. 

	Score: 85
		Identity politics is a large part of the reason those "disenfranchised white" voted republican. Just look at the 2016 election, Trumps entire campaign was identity politics: build a wall to stop the Mexicans, ban Muslim refugees and immigrants because they are terrorists, make abortion illegal, BLM is a terrorist group.  In many cases, in my opinion, he was taking the views of the left and completley flipping them. In the instances that he didn't do that, Im thinking healthcare, he just kind of said he would make it better with no plan or explanation.    You should also consider the role people's stance on gun control plays in who they vote for, which I don't believe you would consider an identity policy.  I think the target demographic you are after with your abandon identity politics tactic has a lot of overlap with voters who will not be supportive of gun control legislation, regardless of how well the left frames their economic plans.  Any issues people take a stance on for "religous" grounds is the same way, to many people it doesn't matter what else you say, because this one issue is so absolutely important to them.



CMV: Conservatives on reddit are the fragile snowflakes they constantly criticise.
=======================================

	Score: 780
		To me, the essence of this argument is about safe spaces. Are there places where you should be insulated from other viewpoints? I don't think that there is any argument that at the absolute extremes there should be safe spaces. You shouldn't be able to walk into someone's home and speak your mind about politics. This is universally accepted. I think that the same holds true of subreddits. If you want to create a place where only conservatives, liberals, socialists, or any other political philosophy can talk about things go right ahead and do it.   We are all sensitive to information that we disagree with to one degree or another. This applies to conservatives as well as liberals. So there is a very real sense in which conservatives are equally "snowflakes."   However, the reason this was originally associated with the left is due to the college campuses incidents. I believe there was one in particular that really blew up the term "snowflake" in which a safe space was created after somebody like Milo was invited to speak. They made a room with relaxing music and blankets and puppy videos and overall just a very easy situation to make fun of so of course they did.  Overall, the problem comes when perceived neutral ground i.e. college campuses, public streets become safe spaces for one political ideology. We are not going to have meaningful political progress until we can talk to people with whom we disagree.  None of that actually means very much unless I personally do something about it. So what do I think I should be doing? First, I'm not going to call anyone a snowflake. I don't think this language promotes discussion. Second, I'm going to try to identify ways in which I am letting my own biases influence who I am willing to listen to, or which facts I ignore due to their source.

	Score: 708
		>  As far as I can tell, most of the liberal or progressive subs accept and debate contrary views.  This is stickied at the top of every comment section in /r/LateStageCapitalism :  PLEASE REMEMBER THAT THIS SUBREDDIT IS A SAFE SPACE FOR LEFTIST DISCUSSION. ANY LIBERALISM, CAPITALIST APOLOGIA, OR ATTEMPTS TO DEBATE SOCIALISM WILL BE MET WITH6 AN IMMEDIATE BAN.   And this is a far left sub with over 260,000 subscribers so yah, I think everyone else's point about conservatives not being the only community like this is valid.  Edit: yes, I now understand that LSC does not represent all liberal viewpoints and is an extreme example as the sub is more of a circle jerk for Marxism. The point I was trying to convey is that this banning of contrarian ideas and intolerance for debate is rampant on both sides of the spectrum of this site. 

	Score: 289
		It's fine if your actual view was changed by this, but it's worth pointing out that the comment from u/jbomb6 doesn't invalidate your original claim. He just illustrates that reddit conservatives are not the *only* 'snowflakes' here. He hasn't provided any evidence to disprove the notion that conservatives on reddit are 'snowflakes'.

	Score: 287
		Almost everyone is a fragile snowflake about certain topics. I don’t think it’s unique to liberals or conservatives.

	Score: 272
		!delta   I was not at all prepared for the volume of responses, and yours was the comment that made me realize that everything about the way I was conceiving and wording my view was a mistake. The lesson I have learned here is never post while feeling frustrated. 

	Score: 227
		I don't get it. Everyone who posts on this sub gives up their argument after reading one particularly long post. This comment didn't even address your original point. 

	Score: 226
		> most of the liberal or progressive subs accept and ~~debate~~ **downvote** contrary views.  Because liberals far outnumber conservatives on reddit, there is no need to outright ban conservative views from liberals subreddits.  The users are able to do it themselves by brute force and downvoting those opinions into oblivion, even to the post of having them hidden.  Furthermore, because of reddit's anti-spam filters, too many downvotes puts a user in "timeout" requiring 9 minutes between posts, which effectively silences that poster because ain't nobody got time for that.

	Score: 225
		>most of the liberal or progressive subs accept and debate contrary views.  That's laughable. If you have a differing view, you are shouted down and called a bigot.   The difference is it is entertaining when everyone gets to dog pile on someone they don't agree with. But in other groups they're just trying to have a discussion and avoid having trolls. If you'd like to join the discussion all you'd have to do was show that you're not there to be a troll and talk about how conservatives are stupid. Try to have an intelligent conversation instead. 

	Score: 179
		>Shutting down debate, creating echo chambers and safe spaces.  I agree with you to an extent. But the difference is they are retreating to a place on Reddit where they can have open discussion without being crushed by the majority of Reddit. This is why r/Politics is not at all politically neutral. And if you see any conservative post there they are dog piled onto.   R/conservative used to be open but the webpage was becoming over run with people who weren't conservative. Down voting everything. This was completely shutting down conversation.  Think about it this way, completely unrelated to politics. Say one day r/NFL wanted to take over r/football (soccer subreddit currently). There are 20 times more subscribers to r/NFL. And to them football means American football not soccer. And all the posters stared posting about American football on r/football And down voting anything non American football related or any one who spoke out against it. Eventually taking over the sub. Should the moderators be able to take measures to stop this?  This is what r/conservative is trying to avoid. They are trying to carve out their location they created and hold onto it. The difference in what conservatives complain about is that safe spaces are being placed in areas like class rooms where open discussion was encouraged.  R/conservative is a place just for that, conservatives talking to conservatives. It's not debate a conservatives or neutral politics. 

	Score: 141
		The reason I think you're wrong is not for the reason you would think.  You're right that conservatives can be just as oversensitive as liberals, but you're wrong to use the word "snowflakes" to describe conservatives.  Here's why:  First, why do they use the word "snowflake?" The word is used as a metaphor to refer to the idea that "every snowflake is different." The thing that conservatives/alt-right/etc.... are annoyed by is a perception -- especially about a new wave of liberalism -- in which every liberal seems to want to make clear that they are different. So this is partly referring to the strong identity politics of modern liberalism: "black lives matters," the "trans/lgbt movement," etc...  It also has to do, more generally, with the perception that liberals in general seem to be pushing for more granularity/variety/diversity/complexity in everything. Liberals want to make sure, for example, that every voice/perspective gets heard on every issue, that it's not good enough to have just broad/consensus policies. They want to confront our mixed past, good and bad -- like how we were slave owners and the first settlers murdered the natives, but also how we had a civil rights movement that has helped us make progress (but not enogh progress!) They also, by the way, are more prone to embracing international perspectives, acknowledging that the US is not always great in everything, etc... Liberals, in short, want to embrace heterogeneity -- heterogeneity of people, of ideas, etc...   Conservatives, on the other hand, embrace homogeneity. It doesn't mean that they are racist or against diversity. It does mean that they want people to assimilate, they want more uniformity of ideas, they favor everyone falling in line, being very nationalistic (overlooking our weaknesses and trumpteting the great things we have done and still do).  So on the one hand, you are right that conservatives are as fragile as liberals in the sense that *they get worked up when they see things not going their way.* However, "snowflake" is the wrong term to describe conservatives. It's exactly the opposite of the right term, in fact. A better term (remembering that the term is meant to be an insult, and not necessarily accurate), would be something like "storm troopers" or "zombies" or something that connotes that they favor rejecting special attention to the uniqueness of individuals (the snowflake syndrome) in favor of just identifying and following a unified, traditional, nationalistic approach to operating as a society.

	Score: 134
		It is, of course, ironic. But they are no more "fragile snowflakes" for their behavior than liberals are for theirs. It's a silly accusation that applies to almost no one. People with all views naturally want to have conversations without being interrupted continuously by outsiders challenging their assumptions, at least sometimes. It's not because they're snowflakes! 

	Score: 133
		>I learned today that you cannot post in r/conservative unless you are pre approved.  You sure? Their sidebar doesn't mention it, and I just wandered over there and can both see and click upon both the "submit link" and "submit self post" buttons, but I've never posted there.

	Score: 116
		LSC is not liberal. It says so in the sticky that the above poster commented:  >ANY **LIBERALISM**, CAPITALIST APOLOGIA, OR ATTEMPTS TO DEBATE SOCIALISM WILL BE MET WITH AN IMMEDIATE BAN.

	Score: 111
		Fair point. Bear with me, I forget how to award deltas, but one is coming your way.

	Score: 100
		There are certain threads that are 'for conservatives only.' When they have these threads, there is usually another one where anybody is welcome.  Edit: A vast majority of threads are not restricted. 

	Score: 83
		Try it. The automods remove it if you are not pre approved.

	Score: 70
		It’s because a lot of people post here after spending about five minutes coming up with an argument in their head and not doing any research.  They are then met by a volley of responses from people who actually know what they are taking about, quickly realize they are out of their league, and abandon their argument.

	Score: 69
		It’s a Communist/Socialist sub not a Liberal sub. They regularly ban Liberals because Liberals are Capitalists.

	Score: 60
		> Almost everyone  Not really "everyone". Just a certain kind of people, and they exist in all areas of life and on all political sides. People who grew up without learning to respect others' opinions and to "agree to disagree".   Sadly, its that kind of people how yell the loudest on the internet.

	Score: 58
		Don't give deltas just because neither of you understand the difference between being a leftist/Marxist, and being liberal.



CMV: Giving your child a hard-to-spell first name is vain and selfish because it places a lifelong burden on them.
=======================================

	Score: 961
		Your entire argument boils down to "if you conform to norms, your life will be easier."  That's true in many ways, but the argument that "a life that is easier due to conformity is better" would be invalid.  There are a lot of biases in what is considered a "normal" or "easy to spell" name.  You mean something like Mathew, Mark, Luke, or John?  Maria, Sarah, Rebecca?  i.e. *Christian* names?  This issue hits home for me, because my real name is a Hindu name, but I'm white.  People see my white face and simply *cannot* pronounce my real name, so I tell them to "just call me $ChristianName".  I have a friend named "Rama".  Is that a hard name to spell?  People always ask him to spell it, because he's white.  I even have a boss with the exact same name as me, but he's Hindu.  I tell people, "I have the exact same name as him."  They say his name, don't get the pronunciation quite right, but close enough.  "OK, now say my name."  "Bart".  Nope!  I just told them it's the same name, but most people are simply incapable of pronouncing it the same, due to cultural biases and expectations.

	Score: 494
		In order for the Credit bureaus to declare that a debt, missed payment, account, whatever, belongs on *your* credit report, they have decided that they only need match on First Name (or equivalent nickname), Last Name, and Address.  Someone named John Q. Smith, who lives at 1000 College Dorm Road, Room 123, University, State might end up taking a credit hit because Johnathan A. Smith, formerly of 1000 College Dorm Road, Room 200, University, State, couldn't pay his student loans.  On the other hand, Khaleesi Smith isn't going to have that problem.  Not only is she incredibly unlikely to get her credit ruined by someone else, there is virtually no chance that she would accidentally mess up anybody else's credit.

	Score: 461
		This is a very salient point and has made me aware of some of the unintentional biases in my viewpoint. Thank you for the thoughtful perspective. ∆

	Score: 344
		First, there are pros and cons to unique names.  Simplicity is an obvious pro.  But a unique name is often easier to remember.  When I meet a guy named Tom and then see him a few months later, I'll be like "what was his name?"  But, trust me, if I ever meet a Kal-El, i will remember his name forever.  I still remember meeting a girl named Brook Lynn.  I don't know that I would be happy if I were named that, but it is definitely memorable.  And that could be a big positive.    The issue you have is more that the kid has no say.  If you get a unique name, you is more hit or miss if the kid likes it.  In that vein, maybe no one should have their names finalized until they are old enough to have a say in what they would be called.  Second, Hard to feel bad for the burden put on Kal-El.   "My name is Kal-El..."  "Ha. That's a weird name." "...and my Dad is Nic Cage." "Did we just become best friends?"

	Score: 258
		The most obvious cultural bias to me is that you say "Rhiannon" is one of these unique, vain, selfish names.  It's Welsh. There's anywhere between 30-660 Rhiannons born every year in the UK, which is more than the number of girls named Anita, Donna, Dorothy, or Gail. You only think it's hard to spell because you're American.

	Score: 225
		Darn good points. Especially about Khaleesi having less difficulty with credit, etc. Thanks! ∆

	Score: 165
		I tend to agree it’s silly to spell common names “unique” ways just for the sake of being unique, like Emmalee. And think media names are usually cringey. But what about the case of Sara/Sarah, or Katherine/Kathryn/Catherine? They’ll likely have to spell out their name too. Or a cultural name, like a child named Aleksandr by Russian immigrants in a western country, or Mexican-Americans naming their daughter Xochitl. Same issue. It may be annoying for the named at times, but people should learn every name isn’t anglo-friendly like “Sam” anyway. “Ghetto” names like Lakeisha often came from either directly French/African/Arabic sources or fusions of those. Some now-common names were literally made up by someone, but caught on- Vanessa by Shakespeare, Wendy from Peter Pan. So I have trouble objectively figuring out why TV/movie names are worse outside of me disliking GOT.      I’m having trouble remembering more examples (thought Tyler/Taylor was one but I think they’re slightly different) but there are lots of spin-offs of common names people probably just wanted to tweak the spelling of, like Alice/Alicia/Alyssa, or turning shorter nicknames into solitary given names like Amy (Amelia), Katie (Katherine), Tom (Thomas), and Xander (Alexander). It’s hard to figure out where we draw the line. 

	Score: 147
		I'll lean into this specific one to point out another big one.  I once had a professor named, literally, John Smith.  He was rejected for a job because they ran a background check on him, but the company in question was big enough and in the right industry to have direct access to the system.  The fuckers typed in "John Smith" narrowed the search to the local area, and chose the one out of the list of twelve that they felt best matched his age.  That person was a felon.  To have your voter registration canceled in the state of Ohio you need only to match first, last, and birth date with anyone registered to vote in any other participating states (there are several).  John, Johnny, Jonathan all count.  Guess who is going to have a hard time voting?

	Score: 135
		I have a unique name and enjoy it.  Rather than being a burden on tax forms, passports, etc. its has been a blessing.  There's no confusion about which "Mike Jones" I am because my name is not shared with thousands of other people.  People don't email me by mistake or call me asking for the *other* "Mike Jones".  I don't get bills addressed  "Mike Jones" and open them only to find that they're not mine.   I, too, have to spell out my name frequently.  But that's not necessarily because my name is unique.  There are plenty of non-unique names with multiple spellings.  I also suspect that having to spell my name means that people are more likely to remember it, which is really helpful in a business situation.   The good news is that if someone spells my name incorrectly in a social situation I can generally still figure out that they're talking about me rather than wondering if that coffee at Starbucks is for the *other* Mike/Myke/Michael.     If you truly struggle with this daily, or even if you just dislike your name, why not change it?  There's paperwork involved, but it's fairly easy (remember, many women change their names when they marry, so there are procedures in place to handle name changes).     As for parents trying to be unique, my name wasn't selected based on my parents' favorite character or song, or in the hopes that it would shape my personality.  My parents have very common names and disliked going through life sharing their names with others- often with others in the same class/workgroup/social group.  So they picked names for me and my siblings that were uncommon.  In my parents' favor, my siblings have named their children with uncommon names as well, so they clearly don't see their names as burdens.  

	Score: 114
		I have a name that is very difficult to English people. What the person above described *never* happens. Instead, people never quite catch my name, it seems to make people feel uncomfortable, and few people ever learn my name or use it to get my attention.   I started working at a new site a few months ago and started using an easier, English sounding name and I was blown away by people I'd only recently met actually using it instead of just avoiding using a name for me at all. 

	Score: 108
		That’s a pretty good point. A unique name could be a good conversation/friendship starter. ∆

	Score: 86
		Quite right. For what it’s worth, every American I personally know named Rhiannon (two of them) was named for the song, and one of them has struggled with her name. But you are completely correct that a cultural bias is at play here. This post has blown up and my narrow-minded view has evolved accordingly. ∆

	Score: 83
		As someone with a shit ton of experience in this topic here’s my two cents:  My name is Neelie. For years I’ve been called “Nelly” by teachers, friends, friends of family, and I eventually got fed up enough that I just went by Nelly in my senior year of high school. My name isn’t spelt like “Neely” (more popular spelling) but my parents decided to make it difficult on me and gave me an “-lie” suffix. I have a neurologist I go to for Epilepsy and he always writes “Nelly” on my prescriptions. (I don’t bother to correct him. The pharmacies I use know me.) And to make matters worse my aunt calls me “Mickey” because of my middle name. I answer to that as much as I answer to Nelly.   Does it bother me when someone gets my name wrong? Kinda. I automatically correct them when they say it wrong. I mean, I’m “Neelie-not-Nelly”. My parents chose my name because they thought it was unique and pretty. But i don’t view my name as a burden. It’s a gift my parents gave me 26 yrs ago today. (Today is my bday.)  

	Score: 72
		Not to deny that your mind was changed, but everything the above poster said could also be true of somebody who simply had a *rare* name that's still easy to spell and phonetically-pronounced.  Baxter is easy to pronounce and spell, and how many Baxter Reginald Smiths are there to mismatch credit reports?  No value is gained by naming this kid Backsterr, instead they will go through life with people laughing on the other end of email chains.  I'm with you that needless obfuscation of traditional names is just adding a hardship to a child's life, especially with what we know about application biases - ie. Jennaveev is much more likely to get rejected than Genevieve.  Names are more deterministic than people give credit.  So... I know this is CMV, but if there were a ChangeMyViewBack, I'd be vying for you on this one.

	Score: 40
		Nope. It was difficult. And the many who agreed with me have validated some of my original points. But I decided to take this seriously and approach this topic thoughtfully. The whole point of this sub is to post a view that you already acknowledge might be flawed. 

	Score: 36
		∆ (from someone who has suffered at the hands of parents who just don't get it... "but WE like your name, what's the problem if you have to spell it out 5 times a day on average?")

	Score: 36
		There are many of us.

	Score: 34
		Are you giving OP shit for his view being too easy to change? Why? 

	Score: 33
		I appreciate the perspective. However, I wouldn’t have posted in the first place, had I not felt that my thinking was flawed. I’m sorry if I disappointed anyone by not putting up more of a fight. Hey, maybe I’m spineless and malleable. 

	Score: 29
		Hellfire is a lot cooler than "stone," Peter. You're a literal piece of dirt.  Also most of the etymologies on the internet place it as Hebrew meaning "Dignified" or "Raised Up", so you're on some double bullshit right now. 



CMV: We need to change the way the world views pedophilia: in the sense that we need to view the problem as an illness rather than a purposeful crime.
=======================================

	Score: 1574
		Feeling attracted to children is not a crime. Doing something about it is.  In the same way as being a sociopath is not a crime, but is an “illness”. So long as you aren’t acting on your thoughts in that direction (edit for clarity in a violent direction), it isn’t a crime.

	Score: 695
		No no I completely agree. But if you are feeling such emotions and were to come forward about it to seek help, it can very well result in being ostracised by everyone you love.  Out of fear of losing everything because of just the stigma alone a lot of these people are fearful of coming forward.

	Score: 296
		Likewise if you came out as a sociopath.   Those ideas are so far from societal mora norms that it would make sense to ostracise them.   But for me, crime is a legal issue. You are talking about societal sanctions here, which, while related, are a different issue.

	Score: 180
		I will move away from sociopathy since the correct term to date is antisocial personality disorder.  That being said, these individuals actually find it rather easy to be taught how to become a more relatable and emphatic individual.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bysVPcKQfeY this video does a good job to show how it is a matter of training.  Not all individuals end up becoming some crazed serial killer, in fact, very little of them do. Worst case scenario they are seen as assholes.  Yet come out and say you are sexually attracted to children to someone without ever having touched one and notice how it doesn't make a difference.

	Score: 165
		First of all, I completely agree that pedophilia is a mental disorder and that people should seek treatment.   If it is not currently classified as such by the medical community, then it should be.  But I have issues with your initial statement.  "We need to change the way the world views pedophilia".    It is too non-specific.   How exactly do you feel the world views pedophilia?   What exactly would you change about that viewpoint?   And how would you propose making such a change?     I think we likely disagree about the current state of the "world's" attitude.   The world doesn't have a single viewpoint.   Most people I associate with already understand that pedophilia by itself shouldn't be considered a crime and feel that pedophiles should seek treatment.   Honestly, anyone who is tormented by impulses to engage in any criminal activity should seek help.   Why even single out pedophilia in this regard?  And regarding what should be changed.  It sounds like you envision a world in which pedophiles feel more encouraged to go public with their affliction.   I disagree.   As an analogy, suppose you and I are friends but you frequently have fantasies about stabbing me.   I think you should keep your thoughts to yourself.   Telling me about them will do me harm.   You might argue that it shouldn't, but I can't change the way I am or the way I'll react.   And I shouldn't have to seek help to deal with your mental disorder.  You should.  And the last and most important question:  How would you propose making such a change?    It's all great to say "Such and such needs to happen" when thinking about problems of any sort.   But if "such and such" is an impossibility, then further discussion becomes pointless.   I suspect there are certain views no amount of education will ever change.   I want to keep pedophiles far away from my children.   I think that the impulses they have are monstrous and terrifying even though they didn't choose to be that way.   How on earth are you planning on changing the world's viewpoint if you can't change mine?

	Score: 123
		>It is the same reason that homosexuality was seen as abnormal and deemed as a mental illness and it wasn't that long ago that transgenderism was seen as another mental illness.  Not really. Negative sentiment towards these groups was/is largely focused on the "naturalness" of conventional sexuality and gender identity. In contrast, stigma towards pedophilia is based on the reality, never refuted in research or science, that *children are not like adults*. There are many facets to that, but the pertinent one here is that children are not capable of understanding sex in the same way as adults do, and certainly aren't capable of giving consent to sexual acts with adults. Acting on pedophilia will never be okay, and there aren't really outlets for it that don't abuse children. "Child porn" is really images captured of the sexual abuse of children. Virtual images could be made, but they're also illegal in the US at least. The legal stance is that any images circulating help contribute to the abuse of children, even if virtual.  I think, however, that your impulse here is compassionate and not that far off the mark. What concerns me is that you seem to be looking to redeem not just pedophilic impulses but also pedophilic *actions*. If pedophiles are to receive de-stigmatized help (and you're right that too often merely admitting the desire can lead to negative consequences), that help must needs include help to *avoid acting on those impulses*. Many sex educators/writers speak of "gold star pedophiles," and I like that term as well. It means a pedophile who hasn't abused a child.

	Score: 78
		The difference between homosexuality and pedofilia is that a grown man can consent to another man, but a small child cannot consent. Violating somebody's consent is alway a crime, it is the essence of crime. Sure the mental aspect is there, but serial killers have mental issues too, doesn't make the criminal element any less real or dangerous in either case. Sympathy for people with mental illness is great, but the emotional wellbeing of one person does not trump the physical wellbeing of another. 

	Score: 70
		> I would like to think if I had kids of my own and knew this individual to be able to restrain their urges and trust them I would allow them to spend time with my kids.  I disagree.   Just as I wouldn't knowingly leave a recovering addict alone in a room with drugs.   Doing so would be cruel to them.   And in the case of pedophilia, it would be dangerous for the children.  > And how to change it? I would imagine simply educating people.  Then I wouldn't single out pedophilia at all.   I think we need more education regarding mental illness in general.   But of course there's no "simply" involved when it comes to educating people.   I do think we've made great strides over the last 50 years regarding our general understanding of mental illness, and I'm hopeful that we'll continue to make progress.  >So if they come forward and admit to their parents or a close friend about how they feel ...  My stabbing analogy is indicative about how I feel regarding coming forward to a close friend.   Instead, they should directly seek professional help on their own.   If we're properly educating everyone, then the pedophiles should already know that this is the preferred course of action.  Regarding coming forward to your parents, sure.   But that's likely unrealistic.   Now we're talking about teenagers who have sexual impulses towards very young children.   Teenagers are a mass of hormones with all sorts of fleeting and uncontrollable feelings.   Such impulses might be genuine pedophilia, or simply a teen's capability to become aroused over pretty much anything.     Again, if we're going to educate teens on this issue, then I'd argue that we frame the conversation around mental illness in general and just avoid mentioning pedophilia specifically at all.  >What I am trying to bring to the table here is not normalising pedophilia but rather encouraging these individuals to come forward willingly for help rather than be treated like villains.  I'm glad you're not proposing to normalize pedophilia.  But I do think you're being unrealistic regarding what can be done about the way they are treated if their condition becomes widely known.   They are dangerous.   I know people on the other end of the spectrum who feel that anyone with a known dangerous mental illness should be locked up, even if they currently have their condition under control.   I don't actually feel that way, but I do think you should consider the possibility that pedophiles will always be viewed as monsters and then think about what sort of policies would be helpful in a world where that fact is unchangeable.

	Score: 66
		If you're looking for people to accept instead of stigmatize pedophiles good fucking luck. It's hard enough for LGBT people to catch a break in this society and their sexual orientations ARE harmless. Another reason why LGBT and pedophilia are absolutely incomparable: homosexuality is consensual, and pedophilia never is.  Normalizing pedophilia also runs the risk of normalizing actions like child sexual assault. We unanimously agree that child sexual assault is bad. Imagine what would happen if more people sympathized with an assaulter, saying that it was their mental illness; pedophiles would feel more empowered towards taking actions if there was a current of sympathy towards them. Any pedophiles truly concerned about their philia would hopefully have the sense to find a discrete therapist and try to solve it there, which is how it should be. We really don't need pro-pedophilia in our society due to the actions associated and often perpetrated by pedophiles.  If there was a proven cure, or preemptive method to catching these things, then maybe it would be different. But there's not. Sociopathy can't even be cured as it has to do with brain structure. It would be even harder to change pedophilia which is a subconscious sexual urge. How would you even preempt such a thing?

	Score: 65
		Ostracism is a strong safeguard against immoral behaviour. If we were to remove the ostracism, which is required to have people come out as pedos then this safeguard would simply not exist. Ostracism forces morals on members of its society saying it's absolutely not cool to do something. This is a strong way to prevent bad behaviour. Without shaming, the 'light pedophiles' who are mostly hetro but have some attraction to children will not be repressed. If they do not accept there's something indeed very wrong with them(As people with mental illness are wont to do) , then you'd just have more pedos and more child porn.  Did you consider those pedos who feel bad about their attraction only feel bad because they're told what they're doing is bad owing to the ostracism?

	Score: 63
		I am completely agree with you and that is also my point.  What I would hope this would do however is actually minimise the amount of sexual assault taking place against children.  If we encourage these individuals to come forth and give them preemptive help, it is possible to prevent children from becoming sexually assaulted.  It is a lot better imho then waiting it out until they commit a crime against a child.

	Score: 40
		You've made me wonder if perhaps my dad has this issue. He is often callous and assholeish and can be very good at manipulating. (For instance he can walk into a bar and charm the pants off of whichever woman he homes in on, but his long term relationships suffer because he pushes buttons on purpose to antagonize). The only person he seems to genuinely care about is me. The few times we've argued and he went too far I'd tell him simply "you're *hurting my feelings* quit being a jerk." And he'd back off. If any of his girlfriends said that he would just laugh and point at the front door.   That said, I don't think my father is a bad person. Just... Maybe he doesn't know how to empathize with others. Maybe he can with me because he sees me as a half copy of him, and we feel the same way about a lot of things. Idk. It's kind of a moot point because he'll never seek therapy, but whatever goes on in his brain has ruined his second marriage. He was so happy with my stepmom until suddenly he acted like he hated her. Then when she left he broke down and told me he missed her, But he'd flip back and forth between being glad she's gone and wishing she'd come back.

	Score: 38
		To go into more detail about my initial point:  I don't want people to normalise pedophilia in the way that you suggest. What my point was that if someone is sexually attracted to children, they shouldn't be stigmatised for it as a monster who decided to feel such a way.  So if they come forward and admit to their parents or a close friend about how they feel, they should be treated with an attempt to understand that they are ill and need help.  At the moment, it isn't like that. As you suggested if a person admits they are a pedophile you wouldn't let them near your kids. Rightly so.  I would like to think if I had kids of my own and knew this individual to be able to restrain their urges and trust them I would allow them to spend time with my kids.  What I am trying to bring to the table here is not normalising pedophilia but rather encouraging these individuals to come forward willingly for help rather than be treated like villains.  And how to change it? I would imagine simply educating people.  Making them understand how these individuals feel and think and that they don't intend to be this way and want help but are always scared of what will happen if they admit they feel a certain way.

	Score: 38
		I agree with you.  By making it harder for those who recognize their deviance to seek help, we make things worse.    No amount of hate and scorn poured on pedophiles changes the mental illness.

	Score: 38
		Did you even read that.  They are requiring if they suspect a Child was hurt or being treated poorly.  Like if you where seeking therapy and said you touched a kid or almost or came so close it almost happened.  Or if you worked around a kid where you pose a threat to a kid.  If you worked an office job around adults, vs Working in daycare or schools.  If you just said Hey I think I might have a issue and I need to get under control. Then you dont meet that threshold.    Thinking about Murdering someone, or harming yourself have to be reported too.

	Score: 37
		I think you're missing the main point in stink3rbelle's argument. Your initial argument had nothing to do with the blurried philosophical and moral lines of pedophilia, so I am confused about why you are mentioning good v. evil now. Homosexuality and transgenderism would not progress as far as it has if it involved harming children. Additionally, I think it is dangerous to use homosexuality and transgenderism as a segue into overcoming the stigma thay comes with pedophilia. We need to maintain our outlook on pedophilia if not simply to protect children, undeveloped humans who are both not physically and mentally equipped for sexual encounters with an adult.   Sidenote: There was a group in the 80s (pederests) who advocated for pedophile rights, and there was extreme backlash. Also, there's a documentary on Netflix right now about this specific argument you're making. 

	Score: 35
		If you want to prevent pedophiles from hiding their philia, pedophilia would have to be normalized. What other method are you suggesting? Therapy exists for such individuals, but society shouldn't have to roll out a red carpet for them to seek it out.  Please show proof that therapy has done wonders for sociopaths - or people with ASPD since you seem to tiptoe around the word. Have you done your research?

	Score: 30
		The point you are trying to make about rape isn't true.   Humans have been pretty disgusted by rape for a long time, and many societies were sometimes stricter then we are now.   "recorded in the early 3rd century AD but dating probably from the dictatorship of Julius Caesar, defined rape as forced sex against "boy, woman, or anyone".[4]

	Score: 29
		The definition of a furry does not involve them being attracted to actual animals. I'm pretty sure the vast majority aren't.

	Score: 26
		Where I'd try and CYV is your clam that there is no reasonable outlet for someone in this situation to seek help.     Sure, it might be exceedingly difficult for them to reach out to their family/friends as you suggest, but there are professional services and treatment centers for sexual addiction where someone who felt attracted to children (but who was not acting on it) could discretely seek and receive help without getting into trouble with the law or revealing to their friends/family what was going on.  There are also tons of charitable/religious organizations that offer free (and effective) recovery programs (12 step) where even someone with very limited resources could find some level of help.  The church I go to has one of these that helps thousands of people a year get help with everything from substance abuse to sexual addiction to etc, etc, etc.     If there were truly no good options out there for these people aside from social ostracism and/or criminal prosecution, I'd agree with your view, but that's simply not the case.  There are tons of options for help available.  Given that there are options for these people, I think that the cons of decriminalizing such behavior far outweigh the pros.



CMV I would rather vote for a third party candidate that is closer to my political standings rather than "the lesser of two evils"
=======================================

	Score: 857
		>I am very far left of the Democratic party.  Well, this is what I've been asking myself the whole time.  Is it worth taking a completely ideological stance that I morally "can't vote for Clinton" because she's not as left as I make myself out to be.  Or, is it more morally acceptable to enable Donald Trump to win the presidency when he is going to appoint the most detrimental Supreme Court justices possible that go completely against what I believe.  These justices will sit on the court for what will probably be a 30 to 40 year term.  I can not in good conscience aid that cause.    This election, to me, is all about the Supreme Court.  The conservatives had already had it for the last 30+ years.  It's time we take it back, or every progressive move we've made in the last 8 years (marriage equality, Voting Rights Act and right to choose decisions made this year, and a lot of others)  might be very short lived.   

	Score: 645
		> I haven't thought about the SC aspect of this election enough.   I posted this elsewhere, but I am going to repost it for you (with slight edits).  I hope you see this, OP.  First, let me persuade you that the only issue that matters for liberals (and conservatives) in this election is the Supreme Court.  It seems possible that the next President, who may serve for eight years, will get to fill at least 1 and maybe 2-3 vacancies (1 existing, 1 for Ginsburg, and 1 for Kennedy).    Do you care about pay equity?  [Too bad](http://www.pillsburylaw.com/siteFiles/Publications/78D58BC61D453262ED1ABB036E30D039.pdf).  Campaign finance reform?  [Doesn't matter](http://www.scotusblog.com/case-files/cases/citizens-united-v-federal-election-commission/).  You want more regulations of firearms?  [Who cares](https://www.oyez.org/cases/2009/08-1521).  Clinton will be gridlocked by a Republican House (and Trump likely gridlocked by a Democratic Senate).  Your *only* avenue for seeing your policy preferences become law is the Supreme Court.      Tipping the Supreme Court away from the conservatives ([where it has been for almost 50 years!](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/after-45-years-of-conservative-rulings-heres-what-a-liberal-supreme-court-would-do/2016/02/19/efa63ad4-d589-11e5-b195-2e29a4e13425_story.html)) is therefore the most important issue of this election for liberals.  The last liberal Supreme Court gave us many rights you take for granted, like [the right to counsel in a state criminal case](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gideon_v._Wainwright) and the ["one person, one vote" standard](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reynolds_v._Sims).  Those were not obvious consequences of our constitutional system.  They were revolutionary legal arguments, at the time they were made, that have become legal orthodoxy.   With a liberal majority, particularly a majority cemented by Justice Kennedy retiring, you have the power to return the Second Amendment to its actual meaning, to re-visit campaign finance laws, and to advance dozens of other legal arguments that will fail if the Court continues to be dominated by conservatives.  Do you think it is wrong for someone to be fired because they are gay?  Well, [that is legal in a majority of states](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/10/30/fired-for-being-gay_n_6076492.html).  Not if the Court decides that sexual orientation is a protected class deserving of heightened scrutiny.  Do you think that police officers have too much inherent power to harass minorities?  [So does one of the Justices who would occupy the majority if Clinton is elected](http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2016/06/20/sonia_sotomayor_dissent_in_utah_v_strieff_takes_on_police_misconduct.html).  The list goes on.    Even if Clinton acts through executive order the Supreme Court can rule the action unconstitutional (as they recently did with Obama's exercise of enforcement discretion in the deportation of undocumented persons).    Congress is not going to suddenly start protecting your privacy, or do away with overzealous criminal prosecutions or state police powers.  [But the Supreme Court can](http://www.scotusblog.com/case-files/cases/yates-v-united-states/).  No one is in a better position to boost civil rights protections (including preserving *Roe*), limit the brutality with which federal and state governments can prosecute the war on drugs, or reform campaign finance than whoever tips the Supreme Court's 5-4 majority.  Obtaining a majority on the Supreme Court is the only way you, or anyone else, is going to see their preferences become law.  Now, if you want to ensure that the Supreme Court tips liberal (or even moderately liberal) you should vote for Clinton.  She is the only candidate for whom you can vote that will be able to tip the majority of the Supreme Court.  That's just the truth.    If you vote for anyone but Clinton, you are doing something other than ensuring that progressives realize policy victories.  And that might be your goal.  You might want to make a statement about political parties.  You might want to express your disdain with Clinton, the Democrats, or whoever else.  But all you are doing is making a statement, at the expense of millions of people who could benefit from you using your vote to effectuate progressive causes (by tipping the Supreme Court). 

	Score: 435
		Duverger's law shows that in any fptp political system, you inevitably end up with 2 nearly identical political parties due to the winner-take-all nature of the election. Your only hope lay in agitating for a modification to our election rules, otherwise you might as well vote for whichever candidate supports your pet social causes, because their stances will probably be very similar with regards to most policies. Third party candidates are inherently nonviable, and this is understood without much difficulty. Let's pretend Trump gets 35% of the vote, while Hilary gets 32.5% and Bernie supporters buck the system and vote him at 32.5% as well. In our system, Trump wins everything and the fact that the vast majority of voters rejected him is not taken in to consideration. A third party candidate will always act as a "stealer".

	Score: 373
		This all comes down to what you think is more important - the *intention* behind your vote, or the *practical effect* of it. The first disclaimer is that ultimately, whatever you decide to do is almost entirely meaningless because there is only a very small chance that your vote will actually matter (by which I mean, the outcome would be identical however you decide to vote). Let's put this issue aside for now.   You seem to value the intention of your vote more than the practical impact of it. Playing into the two party system, choosing the lesser of two evils rather than the candidate you want most, sacrifices the spirit of democracy in some ways. That is not, as some people suggest, nothing. I think there's something valuable in adhering to the spirit of democracy, as it would make the world a better place if it could be universalised.   Unfortunately, it can't. You only get to decide what you do, and you get to try to convince other people to think and act the same way. It's unlikely you'll be able to change enough people's minds to your way of thinking, and even if you do it'll take a long time. In the here-and-now, there's a system in place. The system in the US (and many other places, like the UK where I am from) use some form of First Past the Post or Winner-Takes-All voting systems. These are, in my opinion, abysmally inadequate (summarised well by [this popular video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7tWHJfhiyo) by CGP Grey, in case you haven't seen it). And one of the worst features of these systems is the long-term incentives they create towards a two-party system. As you've said, the US has been a two-party system for almost its entire history. It's directly a result of the voting system that this is the case. This is explained in the linked video.   As an aside, this is currently causing great strife in the UK with the "left" party (the Labour Party), which is tearing itself apart between its centre-left MPs and a very vocal far-left membership base and leader. Really, the party should split into two parties that each represent their members well - the centre-lefts could vote for the PLP and the far-lefts could vote for Labour. However, doing so 'splits the vote' so even if they are between them a majority, they can be beaten by a minority in a unified Tory party (simple example: if the votes are 35% PLP, 25% Labour, 40% Tory then the Tories win, while if the PLP and Labour were joined they would have 60% of the vote).   My view is that you need to change the electoral system before voting "in the spirit of democracy" makes any sense. Get to a proportional voting system where every vote genuinely counts, and you've removed the crippling incentives against voting in the spirit of democracy.   Until then, I think you really do need to decide between the two candidates available to you and choose between them. You need to play the hand you're dealt during the election, and put money and time into changing the system for next time around. As an outsider looking in, I find it almost impossible to fathom any left-leaning view (no matter how radically far left) that would genuinely prefer Trump over Clinton, unless it was predicated on a single issue that Clinton doesn't support but Trump does (and I can't think of any of those, but that may be me being a relatively uninformed outsider). And that's if you treat them as equally capable leaders just with different policy positions, which they simply aren't. Clinton is enormously qualified for this position, more so than almost any other President in your country's history ( [based on this article](http://m.dailykos.com/story/2016/6/11/1537582/-The-most-thorough-profound-and-moving-defense-of-Hillary-Clinton-I-have-ever-seen) ) while Trump seems to be a populist with no relevant experience and who is willing to indulge some of the ugliest parts of the country in order to get attention on himself (e.g. comments relating to why there should be a wall on the Mexican border, proposing to ban entry to your country on the basis of religion, supporting *actual war crimes* in response to terrorism...)  To me it doesn't look like "the lesser of two evils", it looks like "someone who doesn't agree with most of my politics, versus someone who is actually dangerous to a great many people both in the US and in the wider world". We get hyperbolic about how bad some of our politicians are in the UK, but nobody - **nobody** - can hold a candle to Trump. 

	Score: 269
		I'm embarrassed to say I haven't thought about the SC aspect of this election enough. You make a great point, though. I'm surprised I haven't seen that brought up until my post here on CMV. All I really know is that Clinton would choose someone pro choice. I'll look into both candidates and what they say about it and get back to you. 

	Score: 204
		Despite my dislike for clinton and the recent DNC debacle, you've actually managed to make me begrudgingly push my vote towards her. I'd forgotten about the risks with the SC due to all the bullshit being thrown around.  ∆ 

	Score: 182
		If Trump does what he stated and stacks the SC with right wing justices then your leftist ideas die.  You may vote for any far left person you want as long as you do understand that if Trump gets in leftist beliefs go back generations. 

	Score: 164
		Pay particularly close attention to what Donald Trump said in his speech at the convention, if you can go back and watch it.  He promises to nominate the next Scalia.  

	Score: 164
		Kennedy is 80, Breyer is about to turn 78, RBG is 83, Thomas is 68. While Thomas is a stretch there is a very real chance that in the next 4-8 years 4-5 vacancies will need to get filled. On a 9 Justice court that is a huge deal.

	Score: 141
		Not only that speech,  it's a stance he has held for months back now. He promised to get his shortlist from the Heritage foundation and specifically named several GW Bush appointees as his possible nominations.  Add that to his ass-backwards complete denial of global warming and it's not a lesser of two evils argument. If you are progressive it's a "Not as much good as I would have hoped" v "Let's retard progress by 50 years evil" argument. 

	Score: 120
		The other problem is the electoral college. My vote rarely matters as my state always goes blue, regardless of who's running. 

	Score: 113
		[deleted]

	Score: 109
		Which means you should feel especially free, even obligated to vote third party.  That bolsters parity in our parties.

	Score: 82
		Have you honestly looked at HRC's voting record and platform?  Here are some areas where they agree:  * abortion rights  * hiring fairness for women and minorities * Same sex marriage * EPA regulations * Ease voter registration process * Criminal sentencing * Gun control * Expanding Obamacare * No school vouchers * Promoting green energy * Minimizing weed laws * stimulus better than market-led recovery * higher taxes on the wealthy * Pathway to citizenship for illegal aliens * Oppose privatizing Social Security * Oppose expanding military * Oppose supporting "American Exceptionalism"  These are virtually all the opposite of what Trump says he believes.  Hillary can get elected.  Jill Stein cannot.  Hillary is an able politician who knows how to work the system and has many political allies - Jill does not.  Even if Stein were elected, she'd get very little of her platform passed.  Hillary will get more.  The math is easy - if you want laws that support your beliefs, executive actions that support your beliefs, and Supreme Court rulings that support your beliefs, the only way that will happen is by voting for HRC.  You won't get all of your wants, but you'll get a hell of a lot more than by voting for Stein or Trump.

	Score: 81
		∆  You just changed my view .. Thank you.  I have been debating between not voting out of principle, voting for a 3rd party, or voting for Hillary.  I have had multiple spirited debates, all with fellow Americans, about this.   Looks like the first place I should have looked was outside my own country.

	Score: 77
		You've changed my mind. I've thought about it for a bit and even slept on it, and if my state polling is close once we're closer to the election, I'll be voting Clinton, almost only because of the supreme court. You brought up a lot of great points, and I hope many others see this. Thank you.   ∆

	Score: 67
		The way I am currently looking at it is that one candidate will barely move the wheels of progress forward, creaking at a slow pace.  The other will send it backwards.  Neither is *acceptable*, but one is *better*.  One puts progress in a "holding pattern" until a better candidate comes along and the other puts it into a tailspin dive.  The mistake people are making is assuming that they even need to make this decision in the first place.  In the majority of states there is no moral dilemma; with the Electoral College you can safely assume that your vote doesn't matter.  In fact, ironically third party is the MOST impact a vote in one of these states could have.  Make no mistake.  I absolutely hate Hillary Clinton.  I think she's a felon, I think she and the DNC are guilty of every bit of collusion that they are accused of. My thoughts and feelings are irrelevant. I'm trying to take a long view of politics when people seem to shortsight themselves to this election only.  *Our chance for putting a leftist progressive in the White House this election is over*.  Jill Stein will not appeal to middle-aged middle America.  HRC has the Baby Boomers soundly.  So there are three things we can do:  1) Vote for third party unless we are in a swing state.  2) If we are in a swing state, vote Democrat with chagrin to put our progressive agenda in a "holding pattern"  **3) Most importantly, stop pretending like this is an event every four years.  The next 8 years (assuming she gets re-election) is when we need to be cultivating more progressive Congresspeople, more progressive and Democratic candidates in local government, and more progressive candidates for the Dem primary.**  Without step 3 in mind, it will be rinse and repeat.  The way I see it, the BEST way forward is to forgive but not forget.  We will never trust the Democratic party again.  We allow them the White House to keep progress in a holding pattern while we search for another Sanders-like candidate to bolster for the next primary and putting a more progressive agenda in place at the local level.  That's why in Arizona I've canvassed for both Athena Salman and Juan Mendez.  They're both young, atheist, progressive candidates running a clean elections campaign.  If you want better people in charge, get involved early, often, and at all levels.

	Score: 66
		>Trump's relatively anti-war, more isolationist ones.   Where do "bombing the shit out of ISIS", killing the families of terrorists, and bringing back torture fit into this anti-war, isolationist stance of his?

	Score: 57
		[deleted]

	Score: 57
		I watched the first twenty or thirty minutes and couldn't handle watching more, but I'll go back and watch the whole thing



CMV: FIRE BAD!
=======================================

	Score: 1178
		FIRE GOOD  FIRE WARM NO NEED SKIN FOR WARM  USE FIRE SEE IN CAVE   FIRE BURN MEAT  ME EAT MEAT  BURN MEAT  EAT GOOD  FIRE SCARE ANIMAL  FIRE SCARE TIGER  FIRE SCARE MAMMOTH  FIRE SCARE SLOTH  FIRE SCARE BAD MAN  SPEAR KILL ONE BAD MAN  FIRE KILL LOT BAD MAN  FIRE COME FROM ANCESTOR   ANCESTOR LOVE US  FIRE GOOD      

	Score: 388
		> FIRE WARM NO NEED SKIN FOR WARM  CAN'T MOVE AROUND USING ONLY FIRE AND BE WARM. NEED SKIN AND FUR. CAN'T WARE FUR WHILE USING FIRE STICK BECAUSE IT CATCH FIRE.  > BURN MEAT TASTE ODD. MOTHER NEVER GIVE ME BURN MEAT. ALWAYS EAT RAW. ME LIKE RAW.  >FIRE SCARE ANIMAL >FIRE SCARE TIGER >FIRE SCARE MAMMOTH >FIRE SCARE SLOTH  GOOD POINT BUT ME LIVE IN TRIBE. TRIBE PEOPLE KEEP WATCH IN NIGHT WITH WOLVES. SAFETY IN NUMBERS. NOT FEEL FIRE GIVES ADDED ADVANTAGE.  >FIRE SCARE BAD MAN  BAD MAN SCARE YOU WITH FIRE  >SPEAR KILL ONE BAD MAN >FIRE KILL LOT BAD MAN  ONE BAD OR STUPID MAN KILL LOT GOOD MEN WITH FIRE. NOT MUCH CONTROL.

	Score: 164
		> CAN'T MOVE AROUND USING ONLY FIRE AND BE WARM. NEED SKIN AND FUR. CAN'T WARE FUR WHILE USING FIRE STICK BECAUSE IT CATCH FIRE.  USE FIRE IN CAVE  NO NEED SKIN IN CAVE  COMFORTABLE AND WARM  DIP SKIN IN ANIMAL FAT  WRAP SKIN ROUND STICK  USE FIRE ON SKIN  SKIN BURN BUT NO STICK BURN FOR LONG TIME  >MOTHER NEVER GIVE ME BURN MEAT. ALWAYS EAT RAW. ME LIKE RAW.  ONLY LIKE RAW BECAUSE NO HAVE BURN MEAT  > ME LIVE IN TRIBE. TRIBE PEOPLE KEEP WATCH IN NIGHT WITH WOLVES. SAFETY IN NUMBERS. NOT FEEL FIRE GIVES ADDED ADVANTAGE.  BUT FIRE MEAN NO NEED LOT PEOPLE  EVER BEEN ALONE AT NIGHT?  VERY SCARED  WITH FIRE NO SCARED  >BAD MAN SCARE YOU WITH FIRE  BAD MAN LIKE YOU  HIM THINK FIRE BAD  THINK FIRE SCARE  BAD MAN NO USE FIRE MUCH SO NO KILL LOT GOOD MAN  AGAIN   FIRE COME FROM ANCESTOR  ANCESTOR GOOD  FIRE GOOD     

	Score: 158
		> USE FIRE IN CAVE  FIRE GOOD IN CAVE, BUT SKIN AND FUR GOOD EVERYWHERE.  >ONLY LIKE RAW BECAUSE NO HAVE BURN MEAT  ME HAVE BURN MEAT AFTER FOREST FIRE. IT GOOD. TAKE MUCH TIME TO MAKE. RAW GOOD ENOUGH  >WITH FIRE NO SCARED  SMALL FIRE NOT SCARY BUT SMALL FIRE MAKE BIG FIRE. THAT SCARY.   >BAD MAN LIKE YOU  >HIM THINK FIRE BAD  >THINK FIRE SCARE  FIRE GOOD ONLY FOR THIS ∆

	Score: 143
		You must be new here. We do this every year.

	Score: 96
		deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9631  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/65166)

	Score: 93
		FIRE COOK MEAT MAKE SAFER. FIRE KEEP WARM STOP FREEZE TO DEATH. FIRE GOOD JUST BE CAREFUL.

	Score: 81
		> FIRE COOK MEAT MAKE SAFER.  REAL MAN EAT RAW.  >FIRE KEEP WARM STOP FREEZE TO DEATH.  ME USE ANIMAL SKIN FOR WARM. ONLY WARM AROUND FIRES, CAN'T MOVE AROUND AND BE WARM ONLY USING FIRE.  ANIMAL FUR CATCH FIRE QUICKLY. NO WANT TO USE FIRE WHILE WEARING ANIMAL FUR.  >FIRE GOOD JUST BE CAREFUL.  TRIBE STUPID. NOT EVERYONE CAREFUL. ONE STUPID CAN KILL ENTIRE TRIBE. IF NO FIRE, NO NEED TO BE CAREFUL.  

	Score: 76
		FIRE NOT BAD  FIRE NOT GOOD  FIRE JUST THING  LIKE ROCK  ROCK FALL ON BABY BAD  ROCK KILL TIGER GOOD  FIRE IS ROCK

	Score: 59
		I SEE FIRE COME FROM UNDER GROUNDFIRE BURN EVERYTHING IN ITS PATHGOD IS GOODFIRE NOT GOOD FIRE IS DEVILS GIFT

	Score: 57
		[Hello friend. It seems that I have invented grammar](http://explosm.net/comics/2830/)

	Score: 56
		Ugh, even r/ChangeMyView has shitpost in the top of all-time?

	Score: 55
		>REAL MAN CONTROL NATURE. NATURE NO CONTROL HIM.   GOD CONTROL NATURE.  >MAKE FIRE STICK. STICK HOLD AWAY FROM BODY. MOVE GOOD.   STUPID TRIBE MEMBER DROP FIRE STICK. STICK MAKE FOREST FIRE. NOT GOOD.  >YOU STUPID?  ME NOT PERFECT. SOMETIME ME MAKE MISTAKE. 

	Score: 54
		IF FIRE DEVILISH AND TREES FOR YOUR GOD THEN DEVIL BURN YOUR GOD!  DEVIL STRONG.  WORSHIP STRONG

	Score: 53
		WHY MAN SPEAK SO BIG?  NO TRUST MAN  HIT WITH STICK  THEN USE FIRE ON MAN  MAN NO SPEAK BIG NO MORE

	Score: 53
		>> FIRE COOK MEAT MAKE SAFER. > >REAL MAN EAT RAW. >  REAL MAN CONTROL NATURE. NATURE NO CONTROL HIM.   >>FIRE KEEP WARM STOP FREEZE TO DEATH. > >ME USE ANIMAL SKIN FOR WARM. ONLY WARM AROUND FIRES, CAN'T MOVE AROUND AND BE WARM ONLY USING FIRE. > >ANIMAL FUR CATCH FIRE QUICKLY. NO WANT TO USE FIRE WHILE WEARING ANIMAL FUR. >  MAKE FIRE STICK. STICK HOLD AWAY FROM BODY. MOVE GOOD.  >>FIRE GOOD JUST BE CAREFUL. > >TRIBE STUPID. NOT EVERYONE CAREFUL. ONE STUPID CAN KILL ENTIRE TRIBE. IF NO FIRE, NO NEED TO BE CAREFUL.     YOU STUPID?   

	Score: 51
		NO DELTA REWARD? 

	Score: 49
		> FIRE BURN MY WOOD HOUSE.  BURN WOOD MAKE SMOKE.  SMOKE MAKE BACON.  BACON BETTER THAN HOUSE  > MY BABY GO CLOSE TO FIRE. FIRE BURN HIM.  MAKE MORE BABY EASY. USE BACON.  WOMAN LOVE BACON MAN.  > ME USE ANIMAL SKIN FOR WARM, NO NEED FIRE TO KEEP WARM.  USE MANY WOMEN SKIN FOR WARM, NO NEED ANIMAL SKIN.  > ME SLEEP AT NIGHT. NO NEED FIRE TO SEE.  BACON MAKE LAST ALL NIGHT. NO NEED SLEEP.  > FIRE BURN FOREST. FIRE BURN TREES. FIRE BURN ANIMALS.   MIX FOR MAKE BACON.  > FIRE TAKE AWAY MY FRUIT AND MEAT. FIRE MAKE ME STARVE TILL I MOVE AWAY.  BACON NO GO BAD. MAKE LOTS AND SAVE.  FRUIT FOR BABY.   > EVERYBODY IN MY TRIBE SAY FIRE GOOD. I SAY FIRE BAD. CMV  INVENT BACON, BE LEADER TRIBE.

	Score: 47
		My dear fellow, allow me a moment to dispel you of this foolish and primitive fear that seems to have possessed you and caused leave of your senses. It is the case that we Englishmen, being masters of science, have harnessed this Promethean technology to bring forth into the world many wonderous achievements heretofore unknown to mankind, allowing us to subjugate the very ills of nature of which you so seek to rid yourself. Mastery of this elemental force has eluded mankind since the moment we climbed down from the trees, but today it is the case that, with the will of her Majesty Queen Victoria, our project is a dream no longer. We have ascended Mount Olympus and stolen from the Gods themselves, rendering such superstitious awe a thing best left for the ancients.  Now perhaps you, as an upstanding man concerned with the status of his family, just as any Englishman would be, are concerned as to what your neighbors may think of this feat of science, possessed as they are of the old ignorances that once were our lot as a people. It is true, yes, that in the absence of dilligence and outstanding character of this great Empire that such works may wreak great havoc, as some unscrupulous fellows have tried to show on the otherwise noble field of battle. But let it be known that the only one that need fear this great achievement are the ignoble savages of the far reaches of our empire who must first study the indignities of their ignorance before they can understand the great enlightenment England has brought them. Men of learning such as yourself out course need not be concerned, for through your industry you are sure to benefit greatly, whether it be by the great steamships capable of bringing you passage up the Nile or the wonderous railways of the Orient Express allowing cultured gentleman to traverse the Near East in complete comfort. Why, even the more adventurous among us may benefit from this marvel of modernity, whether it be from a longrifle or a whaleoil lamp of Sttuton make, there is no limit to the benefits.  And so for these reasons to name but a few, I do recommend my good man that you reconsider your position lest you unnecessarily burden your life with the darkness of ignorance. The brightness of knowledge is no mere metaphor. Just as the sun never sets and will never set on the British Empire, so too will the brilliance of fire only ever brighten your life.  

	Score: 46
		ROCK DOESN'T GROW INTO MORE ROCKSMALL FIRE GROWS TO MAKE BIG FIRE



CMV: Net neutrality will never be truly & permanently protected until it is recognized as a basic civil liberty in the US.
=======================================

	Score: 356
		The United States does not have a free market for internet service. But suppose it did. If there were as many different ISPs as there are restaurants, then net neutrality wouldn't need to be *enforced* because it would become a basic expectation and any provider who doesn't offer it would lose business. There might be some free ISPs that throttle and restrict traffic, but the paid ones would all be premium fast-lane-only services (otherwise you would pay for a different one).   That's not actually hypothetical. Dialup internet worked this way back in the 90's.   So if the fed would guarantee competition in general, it would not need to guarantee neutral communications pipelines. The free market really would take care of it, if we had one. Such a scenario could be created by passing laws to grant an easement to any communications provider laying/hanging net cable, thus abolishing the local telecom monopolies. Your constitutional amendment / civil liberties suggestion is way more than what's necessary.

	Score: 126
		We can always take steps to fix it, no matter what happens.  The FCC serves at the pleasure of the President and takes its order from laws passed by Congress.  If we put a POTUS in office that is pro-NN, they can appoint a new head of the FCC who will push pro-NN regulation; if we elect members of Congress that are pro-NN, they can pass laws requiring NN from all ISPs.  Now, that said, there is _nothing_ that we can do to make this permanent, even if we recognize it as a civil liberty.  The people can always pass new laws or even pass a Constitutional Amendment to make whatever they want be the supreme law of the land.  

	Score: 91
		I completely agree 100%. But how do we get this to actually take place? Especially now that ISPs have been given more authority on the issue? I guess it goes back to electing leaders who support NN.   Here have a delta ∆. Your point has really helped me understand the problem with ISPs and how my stance differs from anti-NN stances. 

	Score: 77
		I'm a foreigner, so my opinion is hardly relevant, but personally I think public infrastructure (especially for systems revolving around human rights/welfare/needs) should never be allowed to be (wholly) privately owned: it is a recipe for corporate ransom. What if UPS built roads and owned them? To provide a concrete example instead: there is already a crisis around private prisons, because they *want* more incarceration. Not more justice, just more "tenants", by hook or by crook. And every day that passes, it's going to get harder to shut private prisons down, as they gain more and more lobbying power. The same shit will happen to the privatised internet infrastructure in the USA.

	Score: 43
		Dude, *EATING* is not a basic civil liberty in America.  And yet everyone, relative their grocery bill, makes more today working 40/week than they did back in 1913 working 50/week.*  The fundamental mechanism by which Capitalism works is such that over time, as it becomes more economically viable to serve consumers, companies compete over doing so, driving down prices through competition and over-saturation.  We, demonstrably, simply don't need to enforce "basic civil liberty" for generic right-to-access a consumer-good.  Mere supply and demand will drive the price down as long as the -threat- of competition looms.  Its clear to me that the only thing that's needed is to enable, as much as possible, the ability of ISPs to compete to provide service to consumers, following which, capitalism will sort itself out.  *Establishied Minimum wage in 1913 according to Oregon's passage of laws setting the first minimum wage to $8.64/week or $449.28/year.  Based on BLS statistics, inflation from 1913 until now is ~x25, meaning that $1 back then has the purchasing power of $25 now.  That's $11,232/year in modern dollars.  The current federal minimum wage is $7.25/hour, and if we assume 40hr/week, that's $15,080/year.  For *MINIMUM* wages.

	Score: 37
		Nothing beyond us holding them accountable for doing so.  If we elect someone who sells out to any corporation, we have the power to simply elect someone else at our next opportunity.  Politician's care about getting elected/reelected; if we make it clear to them that they will lose power if they try and repeal _any_ law, then they are not going to do it.

	Score: 36
		It isn't a "liberty".  It's a service.  A liberty is something that you are free to do.  Not something you are free to HAVE, especially when it's something that someone ELSE provides.    Absolutely no one is preventing you from getting anything.  If anything, they'd be refusing to PROVIDE it in the way that you want, but so what?  On what grounds do you believe that you have some right to it, given that you had nothing to do with creating or maintaining it?   On a side note:  The hilarious number of you guys who genuinely believe that the ONLY way that someone could disagree with you about this is if they were bribed to disagree is really telling...

	Score: 33
		You’re right, we can elect new leaders. But what will keep them from getting paid off by ISPs like so many of our current leaders are? 

	Score: 31
		I generally do trust the public do to that, with the caveat that those of us who pay attention have to get out and make people care.  Heck, look at what just happened in Alabama - despite all odds, the man who was _supposed_ get elected got defeated because people decided they cared about this one.  If we can elect a Democrat in Alabama, then we can do _anything_ when it comes to elected officials.  Yes, it is a lot of effort, but that is our job as citizens.  It is easy to shirk responsibility, but our punishment for doing so it a government that doesn't listen to us.  We always have the power to change things anytime we choose to wield that power.

	Score: 22
		This is actually the same thing we conservatives say about medicine banking etc. Free markets makes everyone's lives better. You can't create free markets, but you can promote conditions that make them thrive.   The other thing is when people toss around the words "rights" and "liberty " absent of what they mean in society and the implications. When you say the word "right" it's a different kind of right compared to being guaranteed a right to life liberty and property. Nobody can give you those rights, you're innately born with them. These are called  negative rights.  The other types of rights or liberties are called positive rights. The Crux of these is they require punishment and escalation to ultimately force someone to do something otherwise against their will.

	Score: 21
		Free markets work for a lot of things, but applying that to medicine and banking have been proven to work pretty poorly for society at large over time. It's a given that those who provide products and services of the medical industry deserve top tier compensation, but demand is at a necessity level regardless of what clients can afford. As far as banking goes, I think the American banking bailout fiasco speaks for its self.

	Score: 18
		While I do agree with the premise that everyone should be able to freely access the internet. The better way to ensure net neutrality is to allow for more capitalism into the ISP market rather than government control.  For example, when Google Fiber began popping up around the country, speeds increased, rates decreased, etc. The reason was that there was a competitor offering a cheaper, faster, better service. If there were competitors in the same space that were not limiting speeds or services, the consumer would gravitate to those businesses.   The goal here should be to facilitate increased competition. In a free market, consumers would dump those ISPs in favor of others if those ISPs slowed down or blocked data as favoritism toward certain sites. Competition ensures that companies do not have the leverage to discriminate against particular websites.   So the goal here isn't to constantly increase regulation, but the opposite, remove the government limitations and allow for the "invisible hand" to shift the market towards what consumers want. 

	Score: 17
		> While that may be true in an ideal world, I do not think this will be the actual outcome.  No, I just demonstrated that it -was- true in the real world.  Grocery bills as a function of minimum wage have demonstrably gotten cheaper.  That wasn't theory, that was the real world.

	Score: 17
		That’s true. But do you trust the public to be that vigilant about voting and that informed about their representatives? Not saying it can’t be done, it just seems like a tremendous amount of effort for the people to keep the government in check. Plus things like voter suppression and misinformation makes it more difficult.  

	Score: 16
		> wouldn’t limiting my access to bananas be a problem?  Who is limiting your access to bananas?  Is someone preventing you from growing a banana tree?  Are they standing in your way when you try a banana?    > because I don’t want to be charged to check out in the fast lane  And you don't have to.  Stand in the slower line.  You have the choice.  > I can only buy bananas from certain stores (otherwise I get shitty, old bananas), then that wouldn’t really be fair.  You CAN only buy bananas from certain stores.

	Score: 15
		∆ have a delta. You’re right that being a citizen is just as much a responsibility as it is a privilege. You’re also right that it’s up to us who stay aware and informed to pass on the information. You give me hope that the US as a people can make a change if we choose to. 

	Score: 15
		Thank you.  I know it can be overwhelming, but there is a saying "many hands makes for light work".  We can't be informed about everything, so it is on each one of us to be informed about the issues we care about and try to at least tell others why they should care.  Say what you will about them, but the NRA has that figured out.  They have a group of passionate people who get out and vote, making it clear to our leaders that they have an agenda and won't tolerate those who do not agree with it.  As a result, the have a huge voice in politics, despite only having about 5M members.  Even small groups can have large effects if they care enough.  If they can do it for their issue, anyone can.

	Score: 14
		It can't be "made into a liberty."  It's not a freedom.  It's a product.  Liberty just means that you get to do what you want without someone stopping you.  That's like saying that you want bananas to be a "liberty."  You're free to eat all the bananas you want, but that doesn't mean someone has to give you bananas. 

	Score: 13
		My opinion is simple: net neutrality is an attack on the network, and the primary purpose of the internet as a network is to route around damage. Ergo, anti-consumer acts reducing access are little different to cut wires or failed routers - the packets aren't getting through and must be rerouted.  Now, given the above I believe the solution to the problem of net neutrality is *technical* and not legislative. We all know that corporate curs and slimy bureaucrats simply cannot respect the will of the people and will *never* stop trying to ruin it for us. Even if protections were put in place today there'd be some reptile in business or government (and frankly, as Pai demonstrates, there's hardly a line anymore) gagging to take it all away. If we want to ensure our own access then that has to be done with the protocols of the internet itself (something over which they have no control, and little understanding).  What is required is end-to-end encryption on everything, anonymisation, and measures to obfuscate traffic. The ISP has to be put in a position where they look at your traffic and have effectively no idea what it is comprised of, and ideally have no idea who you are talking to either. Basically, throttling has to be made so ineffective as to be pointless. This is no small feat, but each time this kind of issue comes up I cannot see any other solution that could solve the problem permanently.  **TL;DR - Business and government will always attempt to throttle the internet until that attack vector is removed. Fighting them on their turf, with their rules, ensures the fight will never be over. We need to make their goals impossible on our turf and the best way to do that is to alter internet protocols to prevent throttling from working effectively.**

	Score: 12
		This issue is a local one not a federal one. If your local municipality didn't restrict competition between ISPs, thereby creating government sanctioned monopolies, then you'd be free to shop for the ISP that meets your needs. If one was limiting a service you use or charging extra to promote one you don't use then you'd just go elsewhere. The long term solution is to get the local restrictions lifted. Then the free market will enforce the people's will. Adding additional federal regulations to counter local regulations just takes the power from the people and gives it to the elites in government.



CMV: Bitcoin's value is strictly backed by the idea that the next person will pay more for it (greater fool theory), not because it is a finite and decentralized currency.
=======================================

	Score: 363
		I understand where you are coming from, but my argument is that to some degree, the greater fool theory is irrelevent and not particularly uncommon even in the accepted stock markets of the world.   Most stocks right now that you buy in companies off things like the New York Stock Exchange do not pay dividends, ie there are not quarterly or annual payouts of profits to stockholding investors. Furthermore, there is nothing necessarily linking stock value to profits. For instance it is entirely possible that a company loses money, but its stock value still goes up anyway. This leads to a certain divorce from reality in some ways. The stock itself is worthless (it pays you nothing), beyond what a 2nd person is willing to pay for it for whatever  reason  So why the heck can say Tesla's stock value go up like [this over the past year](https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/TSLA/chart?p=TSLA#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), when during that same time period they have posted losses >$200 million each quarter!? Now you might say, /r/taranaki, its because people think in 10 years Tesla might be making large profits. Sure. Except I would also say, in such a scenario, is that piece of (now electronic) paper that  sits in your vault paying you any more money w/ the company making millions in profits  versus millions in losses?  They answer is NO! Its still paying out $0 in dividends. In fact its only value is that now other people will want to buy the stock, and then sell it to someone else on the thought they will expect SOMEONE ELSE to want it for more money if quarterly reports look good. Why!? Because thats just what people are "supposed to do". But implicitly if someone declared tomorrow stocks can no longer be traded, then you still have a worthless piece of paper in a profit or loss scenario(because it doesnt pay dividends).   Do you kind of get the shell game that goes on in real stocks? Its the exact same speculation that goes on w/ bitcoin. People want bitcoin, because they believe that other people will want it based on the thought it will keep going up. People want Tesla stock on the thought that OTHER people will want it due to the thought that  if earnings go up a 3rd person will want it for even more (even though increased earnings in a vacuum doesnt help or hurt the owner of the stock if he cant  trade it to a 3rd party)

	Score: 255
		The value of bitcoin is dependent on its relative dominance over other crypto-currencies.  So you're right in a shallow sense, that many people obviously believe others will trade it and increase the value, but the deeper truth is that blockchain decentralized programs have huge potential and people want to use them somehow, and the most credible version happens to be bitcoin.  Crypto-currencies more broadly have value in that the technology is innovative and useful, and the nature of their relationship to the users is unique in that it is a hybrid of the anonymity of cash and the ease of credit cards and the security of a vault.   These currencies will become more and more popular over time, as the applications built for them become easier to use.  The fluctuation of value is huge, but normal for any "currency" as young as this with no banking support.  Most of the issues you bring up are attributable to its age and the lack of public understanding surrounding its nature.  Ther is no single reason bicoin has value, the explanation, much like the coin, is decentralized.  There's a cheap sense in which you could say any investment is made because people think the demand for it will continue, the deeper reasons for bitcoin's success are not specific to it, but more for it's elevated legitimacy in an exciting young field that may become a worldwide essential feature of the 21st century's economy.  People want to get on that train for several distinct and justifiable reasons.

	Score: 154
		Some stocks are anomalies. The textbook (literally, it's in textbooks) example is the curious case of Royal Dutch and Shell. I bet you know what Shell is, they have gas stations globally. They're a major player in gas. It's no wonder that Shell's stock price has consistently been higher than that of Royal Dutch...  Except Royal Dutch created Shell in 1907. They've always owned a 60% stake in Shell. So, whenever a dividend was paid out a share of Shell only paid out 2/3 what the share of Royal Dutch got. They were both listed on the same stock exchange, too. The 'rational' expectation is that the Shell stock should be about 2/3 the price of the Royal Dutch stock.  That never happened. The Royal Dutch reabsorbed Shell in 2004, with a market capitalization of much less than its subsidiary.  Stock prices are a bad measure of anything. Tesla (like Shell) gets and irrational boost to its stock price because they are recognized in the news and there's a lot of information about it. People don't like to invest in companies they've never heard of. People don't like to invest in companies they can't get information about.  People shouldn't buy Tesla stock. It's a bad idea and will crash sooner or later when the news stops being promising. Pointing out that it takes time for the fact that these things can take a decade or more to finally come apart at the seems isn't an argument in favor of putting money into a system that fails to achieve its stated aims.  Bitcoin is a horrible currency. Currencies have three jobs: 1) Being a Means of Exchange, 2) Storing Value, and 3) Being a unit of account. Bitcoin doesn't do any one of them better than other currencies.  The Unit of Account concept is simple. If you have to look up how many bitcoins are required to buy a pizza or convert it in your head to dollars then it's not a unit of account. In fact, the value of a bitcoin is never talked about in relation to goods and services, it's always in terms of dollars or another currency. The US is the Unit of Account in this sense, so Bitcoin hasn't yet developed this use.  The next use is as a Store of Value. This is the one that a lot of people hang their hats on, because the technology itself puts a cap on how many bitcoins can exist and therefore inflation is difficult to accomplish... only that's not really right. In order for something to be a useful Store of Value then the price of it has to be at least a little predictable. You know so that I can pay you today for a hamburger on Tuesday. Business depends upon paying when you have money to get what you need when you need it (usually when you don't have money). If the value of the currency varies wildly over a short period of time then these deals fall apart as one person or the other is invariably screwed by overpaying or underpaying as the value of the unit of exchange is about as constant as a drunk stumbling home from the bar. On November 7th a Bitcoin was worth something like $6,973 on the 12th it was worth $5,845 and on the 17th it was worth $7,843. Good luck trying to figure out the future value of the currency or trying to figure out how much you can spend now and still cover groceries next week.  People aren't buying Bitcoin to *store* value, they're buying to *speculate*. Think about it, if you sold bitcoin on the 7th, bought that same bitcoin back on the 12th and then sold it again on the 17th then you would have made money. *THAT* action is a major driving force in the value of the currency, and that is also a problem.  That brings us to the final function of a currency and the one that the Bitcoin has made the most headway, as a medium of exchange. Bitcoins are used to buy and sell goods. It is often used as an alternative method of converting currencies to the big banks that tend to charge fees to change currencies. It's also used in a variety of transactions that require some degree of secrecy. These are good uses.  So, one of the reasons why Bitcoin is a problem is because there are two uses. The first are the standard currency uses that will keep Bitcoin going as long as it is useful for those purposes. The second is the speculative bubble, people who buy a coin for the purpose of selling it at a later date to make a profit (as opposed to a purchase). It's really hard to separate the two because often the people who make the trades themselves don't know.  But, as a general rule, look for a crash whenever the value of the Bitcoin rises rapidly without a corresponding increase in adoption of velocity of transaction. Just know that some crashes (like Shell's) can be delayed for years or decades by consistent decent press.

	Score: 107
		>  >   A lot of good points here and I agree that stocks and bitcoin really can't be compared because at the end of the day stocks aren't a currency they are an asset, therefore the valuation falls under different metrics. Even if we were to compare them, I feel that I could argue stocks hold value on the basis of partial ownership and raised capital potentially  resulting in future profitable products. You at least get something out of the stock, it can be a failed product or share in a failing a company, but there is something there. Bitcoin, on the other  hand has no value to show because there is no output of value only stipulation on on the value itself. 

	Score: 83
		∆  Giving a delta to this response, as I do agree I was being too narrow-minded in regards to what crypto-currency as a whole offers. I also am not giving the history of bitcoin enough credit. It is new and decentralized, therefore the adaption phase can be different for every area/industry. Additionally, once I consider the adaption of bitcoin I think sensationalized articles will begin to do the opposite of harm and rather than over-value the currency, it will make more and more industries consider incorporating bitcoin ,therefore furthering the value itself. 

	Score: 67
		Bitcoin has value because of 2 simple reasons: 1) It is useful and 2) it is scarce. Any thing with these two properties can be used as currency. For example: http://nymag.com/news/features/tide-detergent-drugs-2013-1/  The scarcity is defined (set by the protocol): It inflates until it doesn't, it does not deflate. The value, which is 100% imputed (and is not hampered by having intrinsic value, like gold), needs an exponential effect to become valuable, the same as with many other (useful) technologies.  For example, see: https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2013/11/consumptionspreads.gif  The current market cap of bitcoin ($174B) is tiny compared to what it aims to replace. Stated otherwise: for Bitcoin to become more valuable, it has to be assigned more value by free-market forces. Is this a snowball effect of value? Yes, also by design.  > not widely accepted enough to use in day to day transactions (arguable)  You admit that this is arguable (nascent & growing) so it won't make much sense for me to argue this point. It's certainly much more accepted today than when I first started using it.  >fluctuation in value negates any use as currency  Agreed. When bitcoin-holders spend it to buy goods/services (use it for its utility) we tend to replace the spent coins when possible. I consider it a feature, not a bug.  > liquidation can take 2-3 weeks  I assume you meant liquidation into a fiat currency. This is a function of the exchange services you used and is generally driven by the rules/limitations of your local banking sector. As a European, I've not seen this amount of time from crypto to fiat; my experience is (currently) measured in minutes and hours.  > Defined as currency, yet treated like an asset.  It's a new, experimental asset class. Many (all?) have tried and failed to define it in terms of things that have gone before and I think this is a mistake. It certainly shares (good) properties with traditional assets by design, but with 100% imputed value it also has the opportunity to rid itself of the bad properties of some of the assets it's trying to replace.  > will eventually result in greater economic consequences when bitcoin crashes  Most bitcoin users fully expect this to happen. When it does, it will be the 13th time it crashes and subsequently recovers.

	Score: 49
		Whenever I talk to people about bitcoin, I tell them to think of it as a hybrid between currency+stock. It's a currency because it can be used to buy things but people also hold it like a stock. Many people don't see the connection but any major currency itself also acts as a stock at times.   > Even if we were to compare them, I feel that I could argue stocks hold value on the basis of partial ownership and raised capital potentially resulting in future profitable products.  There is an entire industry of currency trading where traders will hold large volumes of a specific hoping that the value will go up against other currency. What if the difference between holding 10 Bitcoin and hoping the value will rise against the dollar and holding 10 Euros and hoping it will do the same?  >Bitcoin, on the other hand has no value to show because there is no output of value only stipulation on on the value itself.  If you are going to argue that traditional currency itself also has no value then I think that would be a separate argument.    Edit: Sorry maybe stock was a bad term. I meant more like an asset.

	Score: 40
		Questioning the value of BTC will lead you down the rabbit hole of questioning the value of fiat currency which will lead to the conclusion that you're wasting your life working for funny money when others essentially get it for free.

	Score: 31
		>* not widely accepted enough to use in day to day transactions (arguable)  Bitcoin is accepted at a variety of stores, both online and offline. I have purchased goods at a few conventions using bitcoin (and once, even with *dogecoin*). I just bought my nephew a computer from newegg using Bitcoin on Black Friday.  >* fluctuation in value negates any use as currency  A currency is just a common medium of value exchange. There was a time when livestock was currency. If a winter was particularly bad and a lot of livestock died, but the demand for livestock remained high, the value of the livestock would go up and the amount of wool or grain or lumber you could get for a single pig would change. This kind of fluctuation would happen seasonally hundreds or thousands of years ago, but now that a) the population has radically increased since then (more participants in the market) and b) the internet has connected all of them (and provided things like exchanges where they can congregate), the fluctuations can happen much more rapidly.   A possibly-better instrument of value exchange for the purpose of such a comparison would be precious metals or rare gemstones that are new to a given market. As word of the new thing spreads, demand can spike. Due to limited supply and limited growth due to coming from some far-off land, the value can spike correspondingly. We're just seeing this sort of thing happen more quickly because *everything* happens more quickly in the modern age.  >* liquidation can take 2-3 weeks  I suppose it *can* but it *can* also take 10 minutes. I just go down to the bitcoin ATM, scan my ID into the machine so it knows it's me, scan the QR code into the wallet on my phone, send some bitcoin to that address, wait for the transaction to confirm, scan my ID again and make a withdrawal. Or, using localbitcoins (or similar), I just meet up with somebody who is able to pay cash for bitcoins. If I choose to use Coinbase, it may take up to a week for my transaction to settle and funds to be available for withdrawal, but Coinbase isn't the only way to convert Bitcoin into fiat.  >* Defined as currency, yet treated like an asset.  Saving money is a smart practice that everyone should engage in. It isn't uncommon to dip into the savings to make big purchases--or, as you did, to pay off a debt. I think it goes both ways, but until the value stabilizes for a long period (e.g. no more than +/- 8% over a year's time) there are a lot of people who are going to treat it more like an asset--at least for now.

	Score: 30
		I never understood why so many BTC users get obsessed with the ethics of fiat currencies.   "Funny money?" All money and really, all wealth, is arbitrary. Gold is inherantly worthless and only has value because other people tell you it's rare. Fiat money is the same way, and so is bitcoin.   Bitcoin isn't magically worth something more tangible than the "funny money" fiat currencies. Bitcoins themselves are worthless in and of themselves. Dogecoin and the other dozens of failed cryptocurrencies make it clear that there's no intrinsic value to a crypocurrency. **The only value of a crypocurrency comes from a group of people believing they are valuable**... which is literally the same reason why fiat currencies are valuable.   Yet you have the gall to call global reserve fiat currencies "funny money". Bitcoin is no different.

	Score: 29
		>1) It is useful   Bitcoin's usability seems completely dependent on the environment, and unless the usability spreads across the majority of economic environments I would not consider it useful. Yes there are various stores that will accept bitcoin, but is it practical or is it being used strictly to be apart of a niche market that uses the currency of the future. Right now, as a business owner, if someone told you that all accounts receivable would be in bitcoin wouldn't you be greatly worried that one crash can impact if you will be able to pay your vendors tomorrow?    >2) it is scarce  Although it is advertised as scarce, what is stopping endless forks? Even if endless forks were avoided I see it's scarcity coming back to negatively impact the value due to transactions being too costly to function properly.

	Score: 27
		> I tell them to think of it as a hybrid between currency+stock.  Yeah, I hope not.  When you get a stock, you are getting partial ownership in some for-profit enterprise that is expected to make profits, and either reinvest those profits in its own growth (and creating an asset for you of huge value), or to give those profits back to you in the form of dividends.  So what in Bitcoin takes the place of this for-profit enterprise?  Exactly what revenue-generating enterprise are you owning piece of?  Who's going to pay you dividends?  Statements like this which should be obviously untrue really convince me that Bitcoin is just a huge bubble.  > If you are going to argue that traditional currency itself also has no value  No, _you_ are the one mentioning that, not PP.  But traditional currency is backed by governments.  The US government - the largest financial entity in the world - is the entity standing behind a US dollar.  The US government will continue to only accept taxes in US dollars and only pay employees and benefits in US dollars.  The United States as a country is valued in US dollars, and that is what gives a US dollar value.  Your only guarantee that bitcoin will continue to have value is that other people will continue to want to buy it from you.   If people overnight decided that purchasing solutions to abstract, otherwise-useless mathematical problems had no value to them, you couldn't give your bitcoin away.  

	Score: 25
		I argue that Bitcoin is the equivalent to fool's gold. I am a strong believer in blockchain technology. The strength of the tech comes from transaction validity and efficiency. Currently bitcoins transaction speed is laughable; this is proof (to me) that the usefulness of BTC is very low right now. Check out this chart which compares BTC and ETHs' price relative to transactions fulfilled. This is the heart of my argument: [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/ethtrader/comments/7g6wtk/comparing_prices_and_transaction_volumes_of_btc/)    I also ask myself: What is the purpose of bitcoin as a "proof of value"? Is humanity really in need of the functions that bitcoin provides? I think not. Compare this to other blockchain tokens/coins and you will see that the majority of others have more functions than bitcoin could ever dream of.  

	Score: 24
		[deleted]

	Score: 22
		If you buy stock then you own a part of that company. So it's pretty irrelevant whether the company pays a dividend or not - eventually the company will have to pay a dividend. If not, if the company is making profits, it would mean that money is being reinvested in the company and that the value is simply growing ad infinitum.  Many people think like you in that a company that pays a dividend should be worth more than a company that doesn't. But actually it is the complete reverse. If you pay $X in dividends, then that's $X less that the company has to pay dividends in the future. Paying a dividend lowers the value of the company by exactly the value of that dividend.

	Score: 20
		> but the deeper truth is that blockchain decentralized programs have huge potential and people want to use them somehow  This is an interesting thesis.  It costs real money to participate in the maintenance of the blockchain, in the form of equipment and electricity.  Currently this investment is rewarded by “mined” currency, but there is a finite supply and the return on investment shrinks over time.  There’s a tipping point at which it no longer makes sense to put the equipment and power to use for maintaining the system by “mining” coins.  In theory the system will somehow convert to a pay to use system, wherein people using the blockchain will forfeit a portion of their transaction to pay for the maintenance, but that’s not tested.  However, since it’s essentially free to just set up a new currency, it seems more likely that the people that own the mining equipment will just switch over to mining some new crypto currency, and the users will also migrate to the new free-to-use currency as well.  Now the only people with any interest in maintaining the old blockchain will be the ones who own coins.  But no one will want to buy these because doing so only drags them into having to worry about maintaining the blockchain so the transactions can be recorded.  The whole thing seems destined to crash *very* quickly once this tipping point is reached.  The recorded transactions are still verifiable, but making any new ones will be prohibitively “expensive” compared to just using a different blockchain.  Those left holding bitcoin at this point are effectively bankrupt, as there are no buyers, and there is no inherent value to patterns of bits in a bunch of files.  If you’ve taken more out of bitcoin than you’ve put in so far, either by buying coins or by buying mining equipment, then congratulations: you’re ahead of the game.  If you haven’t gotten your original stake back out yet, you may be one of the suckers left holding the empty bag.  Good luck with that.

	Score: 18
		I'd argue that your response is wrong. Bitcoin is an implementation of a blockchain technology. Your original point stands, or at least I agree with you.  There are many factors contributing to bitcoins current value, not least that it is unregulated, is being used for money laundering. More legitimately, many in developing nations are using it as a value store outside of government control e.g. China and Russia.  Blockchain has a great future, personally i think bitcoin will be facebooked.

	Score: 17
		Bitcoin has existed since what 2010ish? How long did it take from the invention of the computer to everyone having one in their pocket?  You can't expect bitcoin to stabilize overnight. The price fluctuates now because there are so many speculators but the real investors believe in the tech.  tl;dr the value of bitcoin is the blockchain technology itself.  Personally I think Ethereum is better as a long term investment because the tech behind [it has more applications.](https://www.coindesk.com/information/what-is-ethereum/) In Ethereum the ETH are actually used to power smart contracts. Smart contracts are essentially decentralized apps that run  on the Ethereum network.  >With ethereum, servers and clouds are replaced by thousands of so-called "nodes" run by volunteers from across the globe (thus forming a "world computer").  >The vision is that ethereum would enable this same functionality to people anywhere around the world, enabling them to compete to offer services on top of this infrastructure.  Ethereum success or failure will be determined by how useful Dapps are in practical applications but there is huge potential.  >Although the apps appear to be possible, it’s unclear which blockchain applications will actually prove useful, secure, or scalable, and if they will ever be as convenient to use as the apps we use today.

	Score: 16
		That Shell example makes no sense. Because Royal Dutch owns 60% of Shell, Shell stock should be 2/3s of a Royal Dutch stock? If Royal Dutch has multiple subsidiaries that are underperforming and also has Shell which is over performing, it's reasonable that its value can be lower than Shell's, for example. Yahoo owned a piece of Alibaba and was worth way less than Alibaba, it's not some strange phenomenon.

	Score: 16
		you are now banned from r/bitcoin



CMV: I support Donald Trump
=======================================

	Score: 1594
		Hey, first I just want to say thank you for doing all of this. You already probably get a lot of flak for simply expressing your views, and I'm sorry if you've heard all of this before. Many others can and have offered more economic based analysis, but I simply want to offer my personal perspective of why I feel uneasy about Trump and his presidency.  I don't think that everything about Trump is bad, and I do believe that many times he is justified in his defense of himself, but to me, it is his own love for himself above all that makes me afraid. He is oftentimes unwilling to see the validity in any perspective other than his own, which is an essential part of not only being a good representative, but also a good leader.   Kellyanne Conway's [statements at Meet the Press](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/01/22/how-kellyanne-conway-ushered-in-the-era-of-alternative-facts/?utm_term=.0c498fa646f5) are incredibly troubling. Alternative facts? There can be alternate analyses. There can be logical refutations (the pictures of the crowds are at different times, etc.). But there cannot be two different sets of facts. She did not even attempt to reconcile the two perspectives or offer a reason why they were right and the news was incorrect. This isn't even something that matters. I sure as hell don't care how big the crowd is. But if his administration is willing to lie right from the get go, when the stakes don't even matter, I have full faith that they will have no qualms lying to the American people when they believe they're doing it "for a greater good."   His statements using his own ad hominem attacks against those who disagree with him sends to me the message that he is willing to say anything in order to "win." In response to criticisms from the family of a fallen soldier saying that Trump had made no sacrifices for his country, he refuted it with what he felt were his sacrifices but he added on, "If you look at his wife, she was standing there. She had nothing to say. She probably — maybe she wasn't allowed to have anything to say. You tell me." It's horrifying what countries like Saudi Arabia, etc. are doing in the terms of women's rights in the name of Islam, but this was simply a tactic to distract from the points. He made these allegations that had (1) nothing to do with their statements against him (2) had no proof and (3) used their religion and ethnicities as arguments against them. This is scary to me. Obviously, he should be able to defend himself from statements he believes misrepresents him regardless of who they were made by, but the disregard for our service members simply based in religion and ethnicity in order to invalidate criticisms speaks volumes to me, especially since that was his knee-jerk reaction to the question. If he is willing to throw the dignities and reputation of an American military family under the bus to protect himself, what else will he sacrifice? You might dismiss this as anecdotal, and it's not particularly analysis based, but it is important how he treats people who don't agree with him.   If he cannot treat those that disagree with him with respect, then what happens when there comes a time that he may disagree with the American public?   Trump does not represent me. He does not represent many people. That would be fine, but he does not listen to the concerns of those who do not support him. He lashes out at criticism. This will hinder him from representing the American people effectively, especially if the interests of the country and his own eventually unalign.  Just because it's in both Trump's and the American people's best interest to not start a war doesn't mean all of our interests will align. You seem to be unconcerned and even submit it as a benefit that Trump is unwilling to put himself at risk. To me, a president *must* be able to put himself at risk to help the American people. His actions do not give me faith that he would choose the America over himself, especially if he thought he could get away with it.  I thank you again, and would love to be proved wrong as well. I want to feel hope for the future, but find it increasingly more difficult as his administration is moving forward. I am sure we can both learn things from each other.  *edit: grammar 

	Score: 600
		Spending $20 billion to stop 337,000 immigrants means you are spending just under $60,000 for each immigrant you stop.  That's a pretty terrible investment strategy right off the bat.  Even if you spend $20 billion to build it, and another $1 billion a year maintaining, and then look at the ROI over 10 years, it's still not rosy. Assuming it stops 3 million immigrants over 10 years (and that is a huge if) , you are still spending $10,000 for every immigrant trying to cross the border.  And I'm using your figures there.  Even if you extend that ROI over 30 years, you are still looking at over $5000 per immigrant.     Now, when you think of the opportunity cost of what the US could invest $30-$50 billion dollars into instead, its boggling.  That's a huge sum of money.   We could go to Mars for that price.    EDIT:  So for comparison, let's say we hired border guards, and paid them $100,000 a year.  As long as each border guard intercepts 20 illegal immigrants each year for 30 years,  he's cheaper than the wall.  And as a bonus, that's a ton of good paying American jobs.  EDIT 2:  Here is another option.  Over 30 years, it costs us $50 billion.  The US/Mexico border is 2000 miles long.  That averages out to 25 million dollars a mile.   Now, divide by 30 years, that is $833,000 per year, per mile.   So, what else can we do for $833,000 each year to protect a mile of wilderness?  Well, one simple option is just to pay border guards to stand there.  We could hire 24 people, have them work 8 hour shifts, so at any time we'd have 8 people per mile along the border.  So, every 660 feet, you'd have an active border guard standing there.  And we could afford to pay those border guards $35K a year, creating 48000 jobs.    Hell, with a little ingenuity and roving patrols, we could have all the effectiveness of a wall for a fraction of the price.

	Score: 552
		>The arguments I saw for him/his positions were generally logical and well reasoned, while the arguments against him were ad hominems, personal stories, and otherwise emotional in nature.  Please state one of his positions that are generally logical and well reasoned.  Cause as far as I can tell, it's none.  [When talking about the height of his wall, he even disproved himself in his own logic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9oP8H9nQKT4).  There's zero evidence for his xenophobia of immigrants or refugees.  Of the more than 750k refugees admitted to the US since 9/11, 3 have been arrested for terrorism related charges, [and not a single person has been killed under the guise of terrorism from those 3](http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/29/us/refugee-terrorism-trnd/).  There's zero evidence there was ever a plan to get Mexico to pay for a wall.  There's zero evidence for the grand majority of the things he said on the campaign trail.  Hell,  [he flip-flopped on his positions 141 times during the campaign...up until July of last year](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/full-list-donald-trump-s-rapidly-changing-policy-positions-n547801).  So please, tell us just one of his spectrum of opinions you felt was logical or well reasoned.  And then maybe we can show you the error in your ways.    >Specifically on the recent immigration issue, while I don't think it will particularly stop terrorism or that terrorism is a threat currently, I do think it shows Trump's commitment to preventing a situation like the one in Europe.  You mean the situation that's happening in Europe...and not the US?  He's creating a problem that doesn't exist, and then is going to take credit for fixing it.  This problem exists in Europe because they share a land boarder with the country with the refugee crisis, which is something the US doesn't have.  The only way for those refugees to get over here is by plane, which can't happen unless they're allowed access, which can't happen until they go through the appropriate screening for refugees, which is the highest level of vetting the US currently has, which takes on average 2 years to complete.  So, please, enlighten us as to how what's happening in Europe has any play in the US when it comes to refugees.  If refugees are so terrifying, then [why is it twice as likely to be killed by a homegrown white supremacist or antigovernment fanatic than a muslim terrorist](https://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/25/us/tally-of-attacks-in-us-challenges-perceptions-of-top-terror-threat.html)?  Facts suck for Trump.  >...while the arguments against him were ad hominems, personal stories, and otherwise emotional in nature.  I don't think you were listening properly.  That was what Trump was doing the majority of his campaign.  I'm not going to bother citing that, as he's a whiny little bitch, and a quick google will show that he spent more time bitching about people disagreeing with him than actually talking about policy.  >The initial green card situation was unfortunate, but from what I have seen was quickly solved.  Because people fought against him!  The executive order specifically targeted these individuals as well, and it wasn't until the courts took him to task and declared it unconstitutional that it was "solved."  I use quotes because there's still people being denied access to the US who should still be allowed to enter, which means it's far from solved.  What's more, Trump has decided to use alt-facts to say that [any disruption in airports this weekend wasn't from his policy, but from a Delta outage....despite disruption starting on Saturday, and the outage being on Sunday](https://www.wsj.com/articles/trump-blames-protesters-delta-sen-charles-schumer-for-airport-chaos-1485781646).  >In addition, I see no reason why non-citizens, regardless of what they've gone through, should feel entitled to enter the US. Yes, it would be nice to help people, but realistically the world is filled with people who are suffering, even in our own country, and we should be smart with who and how we help.  We already are.  You're talking as if the refugee program doesn't exist, or we don't vet the people who come into the country.  We do.  Extensively.  And we have.  This isn't a new problem that requires brand new solutions - it's an old problem we have a pretty good tackle on already, but fuck facts.  >I hold a similar view on something like the wall. I don't think it will even close to eliminate illegal immigration, and it won't even stop the main source of illegal immigration. However, it will stop some illegal immigration, and from what I've seen the cost is relatively minimal.  So a wall is both a good idea because it does something, but nothing in particular?  That makes zero sense.  And the cost is far from minimal - we're talking tens of billions of dollars just to build it, plus a few billion annually to maintain it.  And that's not even counting the cost for border guards to patrol it all.  Fuck all if Mexico's going to pay for it.  That was a shitty campaign promise that Trump has zero authority to uphold, [and it's already put relations with Mexico at an all time low](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/vicente-fox-mexican-american-war_us_588b3d96e4b0303c07530332).  The words "lowest since the Mexican American War" really suck when it's coming from one of our closest trading partners.  Really doesn't bode well for the US, especially when we'd need Mexico on board with us if we want to renegotiate NAFTA.  >I don't know how successful Trump will be, but I believe free trade deals will only hurt the average american worker.  Citation needed.  You feel.  That's not proof.    >[...overall trade between the three NAFTA partners — the U.S., Canada and Mexico — has increased sharply over the pact’s history, from roughly $290 billion in 1993 to more than $1.1 trillion in 2016. Cross-border investment has also surged during those years, as the stock of U.S. foreign direct investment (FDI) in Mexico rose from $15 billion to more than $107.8 billion in 2014. As for job growth, according to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, six million U.S. jobs depend on U.S. trade with Mexico, a flow that has been greatly facilitated by NAFTA, which has helped eliminate costly tariff and non-tariff barriers.](http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/naftas-impact-u-s-economy-facts/)  Now that's getting towards some level of proof.  Free trade minimizes costs for the average american, which means things cost less, which means that the average american can buy more things.  This has only improved since NAFTA was signed.  Or we could get rid of such trade deals, implement tariffs, and then pass that cost off to the average American.  I'm sure that'll bring back the autoworker jobs, despite those being in a decline since before NAFTA (because of the low quality of american cars compared to foreign competition...something that still holds up today), or the factory jobs that have been replaced by automation over the last few decades.  >As for diplomacy, given the US's economic and military power, I don't see how Trump can hurt US relations.  This isn't 1946.  The US can't just act unilaterally.  We need allies, and international partners.  Trump is already hurting our ties with our closest allies.  There's a petition with over a million signatures in the UK asking the government to not allow Trump into the country.  We're reliant on the UK (and other countries) to get things done internationally, either through military means, or politically through the UN.  We're fighting against Russia and China on many different fronts, in terms of trade and influence, and not necessarily through open military might.  Trump puts that at risk.  Not only that, but Trump just this weekend [removed the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Director of National Intelligence from the Security Counsel, and instead puts his ~~head of propaganda~~ senior adviser (yes, I'm biased against Trump), Bannon, as a permanent member](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jan/29/trump-priebus-nsc-steve-bannon).  >I also don't believe Trump will start any major wars.  Really?  Despite him claiming numerous times otherwise on the campaign trail?  He wants to go to war with ISIS.  Period.  > but I have yet to see something that makes me truly believe he is a cruel or vindictive person.  [So berating a gold star family for a solid two weeks for speaking out against him](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/31/us/politics/donald-trump-khizr-khan-wife-ghazala.html) isn't cruel or vindictive?  How about how he'll jump at any opportunity to talk poorly about his detractors (not citing because it's so rampant, just google).  Or Rosie O'donnel (http://www.cnn.com/2015/08/07/politics/donald-trump-rosie-odonnell-feud/).  [Or Megyn Kelly](http://www.cnn.com/videos/tv/2016/11/15/exp-tsr-todd-megyn-kelly-says-trump-threatened-her.cnn)?  Did you even listen to the guy?  The majority of what he said was bitching about people who talked poorly about him.  He's nothing but cruel or vindictive.  >Any time I questioned things, I was called a racist and a bigot.  You're openly supporting Trump.  With his track record, and his lack of any sort of care about actual facts, are you really surprised?  Can you point to a single major stance of his that isn't xenophobic (and that's a best case scenario), or actually supported by facts?  So far he's all bluster, a total dick (which I get why people like that sort of thing), and a whiny little bitch whenever someone doesn't sing his praises.  That's been his M.O. since he announced his presidency, and it has no signs of changing.    So please, enlighten us as to why this guy isn't total scum.

	Score: 512
		> The arguments I saw for him/his positions were generally logical and well reasoned, while the arguments against him were ad hominems, personal stories, and otherwise emotional in nature.  I have the exact opposite view. Want to share those logical views and we can discuss?  Your statement on immigration is not logical. We can agree that the stated reason for the order is to prevent terrorism. You believe as I do that terrorism is not a threat. Therefore this action is not logical.  If the intent is to stop immigration due to increasing nationalization then the reason is a lie. We can argue nationalization vs globalization separately.  EDIT: Adding wall and jobs.  You agree the wall won't stop most immigration. The logical conclusion is that you don't need a wall. 13B to stop some, unquantified amount of immigration is illogical and whatever that stops will just switch to the method that works.  Trade is not just about jobs. It's about prices. If you impose tariffs, sure jobs may come back. However, in the US it's cheaper to build robots to do menial work than pay a person, the wages are just too high. So we will bring back factories but not jobs.  Our prices of goods will skyrocket. We import almost all of what we buy. The reason it is so cheap is because it's made in China. You make the same thing in the US it'll cost 3x as much. Businesses will die due to lack of demand and those new jobs and many more will disappear and we will go into a great depression.  Beware of anyone who only speaks to one side of an economic decision.

	Score: 356
		Thank you very much! In such a divisive political climate, its nice to see some humanity.   On the subject of alternative facts, I agree the wording of "alternative facts" is bad, but I think the message is good. I believe the perspective is that, if what is being presented to you as fact is actually false, then its "alternative facts" that are true.  While your arguments are anecdotal, they are put together in such a way that instead of being a pointless story to dismiss, they come together to support a conclusion.   At present, Trump doesn't concern me, I don't believe he is a threat and I hope I never have reason to fear him. However, your post has shown me an aspect to him that I shouldn't support, and why he is so scary to those who disagree with him. ∆  Also, if you'd like some stories about him that made him seem a lot more nice and human to me, even if he is unarguably flawed, I could share.

	Score: 342
		Can I ask, why do you support Trump? What specific policies of his do you actually like and want to see enacted? What proposals of his do you think will actually be effective and helpful? On immigration and the wall, you say that you don't think either will really do anything. On bringing back jobs, you say that Trump will be unsuccessful because of cheap foreign labor. On diplomacy and military power, your only point seems to be that Trump won't start any wars (which is good but that seems like the bare minimum you'd want from a president).  None of this sounds like support, it just sounds like you're open to waiting and seeing if he succeeds. You haven't listed anything you actively like or hope for from him. In my mind, to be a supporter you have to actively want and advocate for certain policies of your candidate to succeed.

	Score: 257
		I don't mean to come of as an ass, but you are clearly very uninformed about economics. Trumps plan of increasing tariffs promote the American economy by bringing jobs back is a classic Trump plan. It sounds great when you don't understand anything about the problem you are trying to solve but in reality it is a terrible terrible idea.  Here are some sources:  1. https://www.cato.org/blog/economists-agree-tariffs  2. http://www.economist.com/news/finance/21696325-throwing-up-tariffs-counterproductive-response-economic-weakness-why-no  3. http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2016/12/23/100-of-economists-asked-said-import-tariffs-were-not-a-good-idea/#42a433453caa  4. http://www.thefiscaltimes.com/2016/12/22/Talk-Tariffs-Team-Trump-Makes-Economists-Very-Nervous    I could literally post hundreds of reputable sources about why it's a bad idea. Tariffs do not bolster the economy. They create a dead weight loss, meaning that was previously circulating in the economy literally is just lost, gone from the economy. This is not an opinion, basic math and economics shows this to be true.  I can explain it further if you don't believe me or the overwhelming majority of economists that share the same stance.  By the way, I admire that you are actively trying to challenge your views. It's not easy to do and not nearly enough people try to think critically about their opinions. 

	Score: 237
		Do you think that a rich man who has been rich for his entire life is in touch with the average citizen and cares about their goals? Because from what I've seen so far, it seems like Trump only has the best interests of his rich buddies and himself in mind.  Two examples: The fact that countries that Trump has business ties in (such as Saudi Arabia) were specifically included from the "immigration ban", and he may or may not own stocks in one of the companies involved in the pipeline production he just approved (we'll never truly know, though, because he won't release his tax records--but of course, has nothing to hide, I suppose. No business ties that at best might prove problematic for his political image and at worst show connections to problematic nations, and ultimately show where his true interests lie, in any case).

	Score: 223
		It isn't Trump,  himself,  that is racist.  The policies that he enacts are racist.    While America is experiencing its lowest crime rate in almost 50 years,  he calls for law and order and an expansion of a penal system that disproportionately targets minorities.    He wants to send "the feds" in to Chicago,  likely the national guard,  to enact stop and frisk policies that have proven to be racist and ineffective when enacted in New York.   Even if he doesn't inherently have ill will towards minorities,  he is making their lives worse in an attempt to appeal to the general populace.    I don't think Trump is actively trying to ruin the country,  I just think his policies are so incredibly short sighted that he's doing far more damage than good.   

	Score: 219
		First of all, the things Trump had said are just "un-PC". They are registered, sexist, xenophobic, and include admissions of sexual harassment/assault.   Secondly, the wall is estimated to cost 12-25 billion dolllars just to build. That doesn't include the cost to man and maintain it. You truly think that is a minimal cost? And is worth paying when it won't solve the problem?   In the first week of his Presidency, he has blatantly lied to the public on numerous occasions. We aren't talking about stretching the truth. We're talking about downright lies. He's brought the country to a brink of a constitution crisis by issuing a possibly unconstitutional executive order that he didn't even bother to consult the office of legal counsel on. That's the office that the President should just with to make sure his order is illegal. He has removed the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff (an experienced 4 star general) and the National Intelligence Director from the National Security Council, and he replaced them with Steve Bannon: a man whose last job was running a "news" service that regularly published racist stories and who has ties to the alt-right.   Trump's first week was nothing but a shitshow and it's looking like week 2 will be more of the same. 

	Score: 196
		The reliance on "alternative facts" being a misstatement of a more specific premise - if what's being presented as facts aren't actually facts, then there other things which can be more accurately identified as facts - makes sense at first look, but it isn't coherent with the rest of the administration's behaviors around those allegedly fake 'facts.'   Ostensibly reliable information was presented and claimed to be facts (e.g. DC Metro ridership numbers over time, pictures), all of which were coherent with one another and supported the claim (i.e. attendance at Trump's inauguration was relatively low). The administration claimed these 'facts' were false, but then didn't actually present any 'alternative facts.'   They said words and made statements, but they didn't provide any evidence that demonstrated that the opposing 'facts' were false. They simply said that the presented facts were false. This is not a persuasive form of establishing a point, for much the same reason "I said so" is not a persuasive argument when your mother tells you can't go to the party on Friday.  Imagine you're speaking to someone and you say "It rained last night; the ground around us is wet, the weather report said it would rain, and it smells like it rained."  Your conversation partner says "It didn't rain."  You say: "Yes it did. All the information I have points to it having rained."  Your partner says: "It didn't rain and the only reason you think it rained is because the consortium of weather men want you think it did."  I don't think you would be particularly convinced. You'd ask for how they know it didn't rain last night, and they would say a lot of their friends told them it didn't rain. They have proof, but they can't show it to you right now (meaning it's just hearsay) and, if they do show it to you, it doesn't actually seem to refute the claim that it rained.   ---  As /u/LeaBasili wrote, the inauguration attendance figures aren't what's actually important here. Rather, what's important is how the Trump administration presents its arguments, establishes its priorities, and classifies those who disagree with the administration.  Since the inauguration attendance figures were the first item addressed by the administration, it seems to be the case that the administration presents its arguments without much factual basis, prioritizes issues of visibility and approval over issues of significant policy substance, and classifies disagreement as the result of ill intent (e.g. the media conspiracy) instead of misunderstanding.   Arguments without factual basis cannot be rationally argued against, and it is therefore difficult to disprove them because they rely on feelings rather than facts. Feelings are valid and important in governance, but the justification for why something is a good idea must amount to something more than "this makes me feel good."  Prioritizing issues of visibility may not seem like an issue, until we remember that there is a limited amount of information the administration (and the media) can contend with at a given time. Kellyanne Conway can only speak so many words at once, and each minute of a given day she is addressing issues of inaugural attendance is a minute of the day the administration is not addressing issues of health policy, for example. The administration can be working on multiple things at a given time, but what the administration chooses to occupy the majority of its media time with affects the ability of the American public to gather knowledge about its policy initiatives and, as a result, make informed decisions about those initiatives. It also speaks somewhat to the administration's willingness to discuss issues internally, for the same reason. If Trump is developing a response to the inaugural attendance strategy with KAC, he isn't simultaneously having a discussion with the State Department on an immigration ban. Because effective governance requires the appropriate informing and cooperation of government agencies, prioritizing communication on meaningful issues is key.   /u/LeaBasili has already covered how Trump's perspective on those who disagree with him is problematic.

	Score: 190
		> even if he did nothing more than stack the supreme court, I would see it as a victory   Elsewhere in the thread you mention your socially liberal views, "that the government has no business interfering at all in private affairs". If the Republican congress refused to swear in the moderate Merrick Garland, who exactly do you imagine they would allow Trump to get in there?   &nbsp;  We are facing the possibility that landmark cases for civil liberties will be reversed leading to a regression towards the ultra-conservative past before [Roe v. Wade](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roe_v._Wade) (legalized abortions), [Brown v. the Board of Education](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brown_v._Board_of_Education) (ending segregation of schools), and [Obergefell v. Hodges](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Obergefell_v._Hodges) (the case which legalized gay marriage across the nation).   Furthermore, any chance of overturning the [Citizens United](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citizens_United_v._FEC) ruling has been seriously delayed, empowering "all the establishment politicians on both sides who [you] came to resent".

	Score: 184
		As others have said, thank you for the post. I may not agree with you, but you're providing an excellent space for necessary conversations to start.  I won't comment on all of what you mention, but here're my thoughts on the whole alt facts thing:  The only purpose such a new concept/phrase can serve is to avoid outright disproving someone else's claim, or proving your own claim. Put another way, so far, it has been used as a cop out, so that they cannot be held accountable for their claims.  It is pointless to debate whose description of reality (facts) is correct, if you are unwilling to provide evidence in support of your version. Notice how Kellyanne used that line *instead of* citing a report, or appealing to an authority on the subject, or even discussing the merits of the point she was disputing.  Here's a simple example:  Bob says that it rained for 6 hours last night. Joe says it rained for 10.  Bob has a surveillance cam in his backyard, and he has a video of the night in question, which shows rain coming down for 6 hours.  Now, Joe has a lot of valid options. He could question the veracity of of Bob's evidence (can he prove the video was of the previous night?), he could question the validity of Bob's evidence (does the video show the entire night?), he could question the applicability of Bob's evidence (sure, it shows it raining *at Bob's house* for 6 hours, but maybe Joe is arguing that what is important is how long it rained in the county), or he could present his own evidence, and make an argument as to why his is more conclusive.  Instead, Joe simply says that the "fact" that it rained for 10 hours is an 'alternative fact'. We have no evidence that it did. He has given us no reason to think that it did. He has given no compelling argument that it didn't rain for 6 hours, or that Bob was misguided in his interpretation of the video.  Instead, ~~Joe~~ Kellyanne neatly sidesteps the inconvenience of having to back up any of her claims or engage arguments that she disagrees with.  Edit: /u/LordKX I'm not sure why people are downvoting you here. Your responses seem to be a good faith effort to engage in this conversation in a constructive way. Again, though I emphatically disagree with you, you should be applauded for having this conversation. It takes a certain amount of courage to put yourself and your views out there like this. Thank you again for the space you provided here.

	Score: 183
		> In terms of bringing jobs back, I think its a simple concept that if things can be done cheaper outside the US without any downside, they will be done elsewhere. I don't know how successful Trump will be, but I believe free trade deals will only hurt the average american worker.  What America should be doing is making American workers more competitive in the international marketplace. That's the long term solution if the US wants to remain a superpower. Donald Trump's strategy is to stop anyone with cheaper or higher quality goods from being able to sell products in the US. It's a short term solution that relies on America's fear rather than it's optimism.  One way of doing that is to make American employees more skilled. For example, the US has the money to invest in teaching everyone how to code. Coding is to 2017 as literacy was to 1817. At that time, most Americans were farmers and the jobs that people do now didn't even exist then. Even the most menial service job today requires people to know how to read and do basic math. Coding would represent the same type of growth.  Another way to make American employees better is to encourage Americans to go abroad. In the US, a person who can read, write, and do basic math at the high school level is qualified for only menial jobs. But they are more skilled that hundreds of millions of people abroad. They are competing for the same jobs as people who are illiterate. What Americans should be doing is going abroad to start their own businesses and hiring those unskilled workers to do basic things for them. Instead of becoming capitalists, they are trying to compete as labor despite being significantly overqualified.  Donald Trump is trying to preserve an old way of life even though the conditions that made it possible doesn't exist anymore. The 1950's US was successful because factories were brand new developments, and there was no competition from Europe, which was razed to the ground during WWII, or the rest of the world, which was limited due to colonialism. Today, Europe is highly developed, and the fastest growing economies in the world are India and China.  Donald Trump's strategy only works if the US is willing to only trade with the US. The problem with this is that the US's growth rate is much slower than other countries. You can't sell cars to Americans who already own cars. You can sell them to Indians and Chinese people who have never owned a car before. If you cut out buying products from abroad, you also make it difficult to sell abroad too.  If the US is the only large economy in the world, then Trump's strategy works. The problem is that soon the US won't be the only large economy. All the cool stuff Americans love like big militaries, missions to the moon, entitlement programs, etc. all rely on massive economic growth. If the US has less money in the long term, which every economist from liberals like Paul Krugman to conservatives like Milton Friedman predict will happen if the US shifts away from free trade, it won't be able to afford everything that makes America great.  In short, Trump is prioritizing short term rewards over long term growth. It's the economic equivalent of eating pizza and drinking beer instead of going to the gym and lifting weights. It'll make people happy in the short term, but also make them fat and weak in the long term.  India, China, and the rest of the world are getting more and more rich and powerful every day. There are simply too many people there for it not to happen. If the US refuses to invest in emerging markets today, it will get bowled over in the future. And as those countries become the largest economies in the world, they will have the cash and clout to become the most powerful countries in the world too.

	Score: 183
		>I think that my disagreement with you on both terrorism and immigration comes from the fact that a small amount does happen, and that there is a non-zero correlation between the two. Terrorism is not a serious threat to national security, but some terrorist acts are committed, and eliminating entry from high risk nations decreases the risk.  But the damage done in the process is far more than any terrorist attack. Also if it were true it was for terrorism he'd ban Egypt and Saudi Arabia too, since that is where terrorists actually  come from. Terrorists don't come from Iran because it is largely a Shia state, whereas the terrorism we see in the west is Wahabism which is Sunni  >The wall won't stop most illegal immigration, but it will stop some. It is a small step towards progress, and in my opinion better than nothing.  But the financial cost is way higher than the cost of illegal Mexican immigration. Also the real gangs have tunnels.  Plus most illegal immigrants come on tourist visas and then just don't return to Mexico. This will only increase with a wall  >In terms of economics, I admit that I am not exceptionally well informed. My understanding is that the US as a country is in something of a bubble, and within that bubble trying to both have their cake and eat it too.  The US isn't in a bubble, it imports and exports a huge amount of goods, and trade wars will lead to tariffs on them that will damage business profits and increase costs to consumers  >We cannot continue to enjoy both low price and high income, one will have to give.  Why?

	Score: 165
		It's odd to me that you believe this of politicians, but not of Trump?   Moral and political judgement aside, his trademark approach is to build whatever makes him money/makes him happy, regardless of the cost to others, then slap his name on it. Maybe you're a free marketeer/libertarian/anyone else who sees that as a good thing, but it's at odds with an assertion that you think Trump will represent an improvement over the status quo when it comes to looking after anyone but himself. 

	Score: 164
		What you put for "it just sounds like you're open to waiting and seeing if he succeeds" is honestly spot on. ∆ just for the sake of making me realize that.   I voted him into office because I wasn't opposed to him, and even if he did nothing more than stack the supreme court, I would see it as a victory against all the people talking down to him and all the establishment politicians on both sides who I came to resent. I liked his positions and I certainly wasn't against them, but I was also doubtful of their effectiveness (I do think they'll work to a certain extent, just they won't completely solve problems.) Now, I'm just left mildly optimistic and waiting to see. 

	Score: 156
		For the love of god. First Bush the younger goes to town in the middle east and destabilizes the region for a generation. Then when the refugees start to flow it's suddenly not America's problem anymore?   America, more than any other country in the world, has a responsibility to mitigate the suffering in Syria. It was the prime mover of that shit show, and the country should own the mess.   Now, the above is a moral argument.   There is also one rooted in real politic. The ban on travel from muslim countries is not only a dick move of elephantine proportions, it's is counterproductive in meeting its stated objective: keeping America safe.   First, it is an excellent recruiting point for Islamic Radicals, who can now rightly point to the fact that the American administration is discriminating against its Muslim brothers.   Second, it weakens the position of our regional allies, who are now even more isolated and on the defensive in their own countries  Third, it will hurt the economies of these countries (just as Trump's idiotic threat of a trade war), further fanning the flames of extremism.   And don't get me started on the wall. The US economy WINS with the supply of low income immigrant labor. They are not taking American jobs, because there are not enough Americans willing to pick fruit and clean toilets.   This blame the immigrant and create an enemy (muslims) shtick is straight out of the fascist playbook.  Yes, u/LordKX, FASCIST.   Trump is a callous lunatic with no regard for the rest of the world. You can still redeem yourself, but time is running out.

	Score: 153
		The thing is, a lot of those are from *before* he became a Republican candidate and drastically changed his views. He wasn't even pro-life during most of this list.   So, while he may have done pro-LGBT things years ago, the bottom line is that Mike Pence is his VP. He has entrusted his position, in the event of his death, to someone who wants to publicly fund conversion therapy along with a bunch of other anti-LGBT positions. Pence is very hardline anti-LGBT even compared to other evangelical Republican politicians.   Nobody who is pro-LGBT would be able to do that in good conscience. Same with many of his other appointments. Sessions, for example, does not believe in defending the Voting Rights Act from infringement by Southern states. He wants southern states to be free from federal influence because the south has "changed" now and is no longer racist even though North Carolina's voter id law was struck down in court for being objectively proven to have racist intentions. So you might say he isn't racist in private life (neither is Sessions), but is that really relevant when he is supporting racist policy?   

	Score: 127
		I would like to hear the stories that make him seem nice and more human. 



CMV: To believe in a loving God requires a certain level of delusional thinking or ignorance to how the world works.
=======================================

	Score: 646
		I am not religious - but I think there are some quite easy answers to this. Here are two at least:  **Maybe suffering is good for us?**  Have you noticed that rich kids are often spoiled brats? Maybe God wan't us to learn and grow from our suffering. If he just showered us with love, and gave us all we wanted, we would become entitled and ungrateful. If there is no suffering, or risk of suffering, there is also no need for responsiblity, generosity, or sacrifice.    **Maybe we can't/aren't meant to understand the ways of God?**    This is often illustrated with the pet analogy. When you take your dog to the vet, he does not understand why. He thinks it is terrible and has no way to fathom what a "vaccine" is, or anything else for that matter. 

	Score: 408
		There is an entire discipline of religious philosophy devoted to answering this question, called [theodicy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theodicy).  They've come up with dozens of answers and arguments. You might want to at least check the wiki page to see some of the highlights, and see if they convince you (I can't summarize the entire field and it's centuries-long history here).  However, here is [another explanation](http://slatestarcodex.com/2015/03/15/answer-to-job/) that I personally find interesting.  Just to be clear, I'm a militant atheist, but I don't think that *this particular* argument against god is strong enough to be definitive; the faithful can come up with a number of sufficiently reasonable apologetics to justify it.

	Score: 257
		I've addressed the first answer to the questions you posed in another comment. Only I think I should add to it given your specific wording. I'm not saying it needs to shower us in love. Just that it has created a world that is fundamentally unfair. Separate from the actions of evil men, we live in a world where good people may suffer and evil men may persist and inflict suffering until they die.  To address your second point, I think this fundamentally undermines any argument about the way of God. If we can't apply basic common sense to the ways of God in any given context, then the basis of that context is fundamentally flawed. Our pets may not understand why what we are doing when we inflict pain on them, but in the end it is for their continued survival and prosperity. I don't think you can apply this to a situation where a child dies of horribly painful cancer in front of their parents.  EDIT: Grammar

	Score: 219
		It’s all about context and perspective. Suffering in one context might be a non-issue in another.  For instance, a child learning to walk may stub their toe on something and break down in tears, feeling like it’s the end of the world. The experience for that toddler is filled with suffering. In that moment, suffering is its world. But, it goes away, it forgets the pain and it keeps learning to walk. An adult may stub their toe, and they may curse, but the adult knows the greater context. They know the pain will go away. In that moment, suffering is not their world.  Similarly, we look at the suffering of the world, but we do so from a toddler’s perspective. Without the hindsight of a greater context, that suffering seems to be irreconcilable. In order to reconcile that suffering, you have to expand your context beyond the belief system you’re attempting to use. If you continue to think of such a one-dimensional God, or such a finite life, or in any way assume that people are at the mercy of their world, then you will not be able to see that each life experience adds depth and dimension beyond this physical space; you will not understand that such suffering is but a blip in a wider context that goes beyond death; you will struggle to understand that, within a much greater context, people choose that suffering, and when they look back on it, they’ll understand the vastly unique experiences that suffering brought them.  For instance: Military boot camp is widely known to be a harsh experience. War is even harsher. And yet soldiers, who would be scarred for life with PTSD, lament on their experiences and fondly reminisce over memories of brotherhood so tight that it would even rival family love. You can’t get that experience any other way. All that suffering...but, there is purpose in it.  Similarly, victims of hurricanes or other natural disasters find a sense of community afterwards that would be hard to attain outside of that scenario. Each life experience that includes suffering also includes meaningful experiences.  After death, those individuals will look back and understand that those things that seemed so threatening before, weren’t threatening at all. That suffering that seemed to fill all of one’s reality, was really just a small event in the big picture.

	Score: 188
		IMO...  Free will. It was given to us by "God". How can we expect freewill if we expect God to intervene when anytime we think something bad is happening? Its up to us.   Its a stupid concept when religious folk talk like its "God's plan". No its not, he set us free and gave us the power...then we blame God for what went wrong or right. No. Its us. Thats the whole point.       

	Score: 114
		I had intent on choosing cancer specifically. We don't entirely know why every cancer happens, besides the "basics", so we may call it random. What does "free will" have to do with a child getting cancer? Is there any real reason why God let nature do this to a child? Following the logic, in the way you put it, for the betterment of ourselves or our knowledge?

	Score: 101
		This is the kind of reply I like to see, thank you. Referring me to a works on a centuries old discussion so that I may better educate myself. It's so difficult to change someone's mind on such a complex subject, that i'm being criticized for being "stubborn". So thank you.  > I don't think that this particular argument against god is strong enough to be definitive  I agree, that's why i'm here. The second part of your argument I see as a little reductive though. The faithful can come up with explanations for anything, even if it flys in the face of a mountain of evidence. Take the current Pope -- I think he's great. He makes concessions and seems like a pretty good and reasonable dude.   I'm rambling now, anyways i'm moving to another comment now

	Score: 79
		I think your argument stems from a lack of understanding of Judeo-Christian belief. For God to not allow suffering on earth would undermine the idea that humanity is fallen and will be inherently unhappy until reunited with god, has free will to sin or be in communion with the lord, as well as the belief that earth is only a temporary state.

	Score: 71
		> the brokenness of this world is all due to human free will Let me give another example then, since you believe most cancer is the result of our actions. Even if that were true you'd be admitting casualties, which means my point still stands.   Say a tsunami or other natural disaster destroys a peaceful settlement, killing hundreds or thousands of religious zealots that coincidentally follow the "right" God. How is the shifting of tectonic plates that moves a massive amount of water, or a hurricane that develops by the winds and warm waters of our oceans an exercise of the free will of humans? These disasters are natural and would occur regardless of human intervention.  >  he then created the best possible world that INCLUDED us having free will  I don't believe we live in the best possible world. You can follow the logic of my previous comment on your other point

	Score: 61
		You are confining your idea of love to our earthly lives, which is not really what God cares about. He cares for the afterlife, our life on earth is not supposed to be the good part. You should focus on the salvation part, rather than the ultimately restricted and underwhelming life on earth.     That being said, I don't buy the whole idea either, thats just the explanaition I was given.

	Score: 59
		Okay, first off, great reply. I appreciate ya.   >For instance, a child learning to walk may stub their toe on something and break down in tears, feeling like it’s the end of the world.  That is a necessary pain. We need that to survive in this world, but as you go on I fail to see how this stands up in the scenarios i've brought up. What great insight does a family get from losing a child to cancer?Something that can destroy families, and scar a soul for life?   The other examples you provide are in the same vein, of undeniable necessity IMO.  >After death, those individuals will look back and understand that those things that seemed so threatening before, weren’t threatening at all  Please explain this in the context of the situation I provide. 

	Score: 59
		I think the answer above you assumes that life here on earth may be a part of a larger whole. I.e. dying of cancer here in earth and causing pain to the family members might seem like the most terrible thing to us (much like a toddler stubbing his toe), but in the greater context of afterlife, which usually accompanies the belief in god, death of cancer on Earth is a mere toe stubbing compared to what's yet to come.   Basically, all the terrible things that happen on earth might not be so terrible after all, assuming earth is just a small phase of the overall life of a soul, or something like that.

	Score: 54
		Then I don't understand the pet analogy.  You seem to say it is OK to force a pet to endure something painful that they can't understand, if (and only if) it is for their long-term benefit.  You seem to be arguing that it is not OK for God to allow us to endure certain painful things (or by the view that God created the world in which those painful things occur, for God to force us to endure those painful things).  You argument seems to be that you simply cannot understand how it could possible be for our long-term benefit, and that it is fundamentally unfair.  Even if I assert that in the long run it *is* for our benefit, you still don't find that convincing.  What am I missing, because you appear to simply be stubborn.

	Score: 50
		>To address your second point, I think this fundamentally undermines any argument about the way of God. If we can't apply basic common sense to the ways of God in any given context, then the basis of that context is fundamentally flawed.  God would act this way if God "merely" acted intelligently, but that doesn't give Him enough credit. We're assuming God not just to be intelligent, but omniscient, omnipotent, and omnipresent. Why are you assuming that we (with our very limited intellectual capacity) have the capability of understanding anything close to what an omniscient being understands? The gulf in intelligence between us and God is far greater than a dog and us, in fact, it's infinitely so.

	Score: 46
		You already have a ton of answers, here's my point of view/opinion.      The world we live in is unfair, definitely. And lots of bad stuff happens.  But the brokenness of this world is all due to human free will. When God created us, the one thing he wanted was for us to have free agency to make our own choices.  Since God has infinite knowledge of the future, he saw every possible world. And he then created the best possible world that INCLUDED us having free will.    Most of the negative things you mention, like kids dying of cancer, can be linked to our own free will.  (For example there are many substances known to cause cancer that we still allow into our foods and building materials etc).    A lesser example of the concept is that I have kids, and I allow them to make choices and mess up and make mistakes, even if I disagree and know it will hurt then. Now, of course I will let them know if something is a bad idea, but it's their choice and I respect their free will.  I love my kids. But I want them to make good choices on their own, not because they are forced. And once they get past a certain age I will be even more hands off than I am now.

	Score: 45
		> Just that it has created a world that is fundamentally unfair.  Don't most religions believe that fairness is imposed in the next life?  If life were fair on a sufficiently long timescale, would that change your view?

	Score: 39
		I'm also an atheist, studied philosophy, and don't particularly like the 'argument from evil'.  But what my problem with the argument always boils down to; what is light without dark? what is hot without cold? or good without bad? reward without risk?  Others have probably gone into more depth, but with dualities one can't exist without the other. Without (the risk of) suffering there can be no joy. Without obstacles we would never overcome.   I love my kids. I willing risk them getting hurt on a daily basis for them to have the chance at joy. Because I love them. If I, as a parent, want my kids to put themselves out there, risk failure and pain (even life or limb with some things like driving), then why expect less from a godly parental figure. The difference is scale. Sickness sucks, cancer and chronic illness are hell on a family. Natural disasters can decimate communities. But have you seen the people who have overcome them? Have you seen people come together, neighbor helping neighbor, demonstrating the best of humanity? That "best of humanity" wouldn't exist without those horrible things to overcome together.  So on a bigger scale, maybe it is like taking your dog to the vet, just on a 'humanity' not a personal scale.

	Score: 38
		The smarter and more insightful you envision God, the more it breaks down. God having perfect knowledge of the future, and the ability to change anything and everything implies there is no free will, and God has *chosen* everything that has happened to happen.  That would begin with Genesis, it means God would know creating Adam and Eve would lead to them eating the forbidden fruit, the whole premise of sin and all humans being sinful was something that God specifically chose for humans to do.  All the events in the bible and real life all being a theatre play put on by God, and we are his puppets.  Forgive me if that worldview quickly becomes quite depressing, and I would not choose to accept that we are all the playthings of some perverted God that blames us for the 'sin' that he chose for us to do.

	Score: 31
		But do we really have free will if God predestined our lives before we were even born? (Ephesians 1:11) 

	Score: 31
		I think that's a terrible mode of thinking. Suffering must mean something to God or it wouldn't have apparently created Hell or a system that rewards those who don't intentionally force suffering on others. I also would refer you to my response to Panda on the afterlife



CMV: I feel like non-binary genders are just a ploy for attention and are actually disrepectful towards trans men/women
=======================================

	Score: 979
		Let me tell you a little bit about my experience. I've always hated activities that divided people up by gender. It seemed arbitrary to me, and I always felt a little out of place in the boys' group. I wondered why people cared so much about it. I didn't really get the point of men's bible study groups, or wanting a confidant of the same gender, or things like that.   It took me something like 20 years of social life to start to realize that other people might feel differently than I do about gender. See, gender isn't really part of my identity at all. I obviously can't do anything but speculate about this, but I suspect that if I woke up tomorrow and had a female body, I wouldn't feel like my *self* had changed any more than when I change my hair length. I knew this about myself, but I just kinda assumed that it was the same for other people, but they went along with what society expected of them, because that's what you do. It took me that long to realize that some people might *actually care* about their gender, and might have it actually part of their sense of who they are.  It took me that long because I didn't really have words for these concepts, and because we never really talked about different experiences of gender. So I don't know if "agender" is the right word for it, or if "cis-gender but don't care" is the right word for it, or if "weakly cis-gender" is the right word for it...but we need words to describe different experiences. We need words to be able to tell each other about *who we are* when it comes to gender in more nuanced ways than "man" and "woman", because those two words do not capture the range of human experience. I have a different kind of sense of self when it comes to gender than some other male non-trans people, and if we don't have language to help us describe that, it's really easy to just assume that other people feel the same way you do, but act differently.

	Score: 271
		> Would you say you have some specific demands about how society acts/acknowledges your gender in a way that traditional genders don't encompass?    Not really. I'm fine using male pronouns because it's an easy default. I get a little bit uncomfortable if someone calls me "one of the guys" or whatever, but I don't get offended. I get angry at people who tell me I need to act a specific way because I'm male, but I like to think I'd get angry at that whether or not I actually has maleness as part of my identity.  > Would you say it's more about describing how you feel towards gender rather than how you perform/act it out?  That's a pretty good summary, yeah.  > Do you think you felt out of place in the "boys group" because you didn't act in the way it was expect from boys or do you think this feeling of non-belongment comes from something else?  I think some of both. It's actually really hard for me to tell, though.  > I mean, I have no problem with people wanting to express themselves inbetween the spectrum os male-female, but at what point does this stop being a "expressing thing" and becomes a "gender thing"?  I think these are totally separate. My gender expression is pretty much within the realm of normal male. The fact remains, though, that my maleness is not an important part of who I am.  > I guess I'm thinking of gender as a quasi-political concept, as in that a gender needs to have some sort of expectations on how to be treated by society in order to be so.  This is where I definitely disagree with you. I think there is a political *aspect* to gender, but the fact that I don't feel the need to advertise my gender identity (or lack thereof) and have it acknowledged in day-to-day interactions doesn't mean my experience is *not real*.

	Score: 204
		Would you say you have some specific demands about how society acts/acknowledges your gender in a way that traditional genders don't encompass?   Would you say it's more about describing how you *feel* towards gender rather than how you perform/act it out?   Do you think you felt out of place in the "boys group" because you didn't act in the way it was expect from boys or do you think this feeling of non-belongment comes from something else?   I mean, I have no problem with people wanting to express themselves inbetween the spectrum os male-female, but at what point does this stop being a "expressing thing" and becomes a "gender thing"?   I guess I'm thinking of gender as a quasi-political concept, as in that a gender needs to have some sort of expectations on how to be treated by society in order to be so. But then again, I feel like it's necessary to make this distinction between gender (as an identity) and something else (that would be how you perform in the spectrum).

	Score: 190
		Don't think of the burden of proof as being that non-binary genders exist but rather that non-binary *transitions* exist, which they clearly do. There is only one actual label once any social construction is removed from the equation: gender dysphoric. So both a trans man and a trans woman are actually just gender dysphoric individuals. As gender dysphoric individuals they have a number of medical options available to themselves to attempt to cope with gender dysphoria. Sometimes for various reasons an individual may feel they are better suited by pursuing only a partial change in physical parts and social role. I know a non-binary individual who is gender dysphoric and whom if you listen to their story it is immediately clear that pathologically they are indistinguishable from a trans man but whom nonetheless identifies as transmasculine non-binary. Why? Because he identified as a lesbian feminist for 20 years and that became an integral part of his identity which he finds difficult to let go of. On some level he even struggles with feelings of guilt over it, like he would be dishonering himself and abandoning feminism to shed that identity completely. He's on testosterone so he's taking measures to cope with gender dysphoria. He's clearly not doing this for attention.

	Score: 190
		> This is where I definitely disagree with you. I think there is a political aspect to gender, but the fact that I don't feel the need to advertise my gender identity (or lack thereof) and have it acknowledged in day-to-day interactions doesn't mean my experience is not real.  ∆. Thanks a lot for your answers. If we think of gender like that, I can agree with you on non-binary genders. It seems to me that my issue is with how I *define* gender, then. I guess I'm stuck on trying to find a "social purpose" (for lack of a better term) for gender, while it seems (at least some) non-binary that it's indeed more about an "internal" sense of identification...

	Score: 147
		[deleted]

	Score: 89
		> Because he identified as a lesbian feminist for 20 years and that became an integral part of his identity which he finds difficult to let go of  ∆. That kind of makes sense to me. I guess I was just overexposed to angsty teenagers on tumblr who seem to change genders every other day.   Follow up questions out of curiosity about this person who identifies as transmasculine non-binary: So he still partly identifies as a female/lesbian? Does he presents/performs his gender any different than a trans man, for example? If so, how? And how is it different than a trans man how presents as a "feminine" guy?  Edit to add: and if not, is this just about an internal conflict or does he still wants to be recognized/treated as a transmasculine non-binary person? and how would this recognition/tretment differ from what is usually addressed towards trans man?

	Score: 76
		>I guess I'm thinking of gender as a quasi-political concept, as in that a gender needs to have some sort of expectations on how to be treated by society in order to be so.   I think it's important to contextualize gender in historic moments. I'm an advocate of gender performativity, as you seem to be - gender is innately social, it is performative, and it profoundly structures our lived experiences. Furthermore, historically, gender performance has been strictly policed in the interest of maintaining hierarchical social arrangements.   The postmodern twist in social science and the advent of Queer Theory asked a new question, beginning in the late 80's: can we use gender in novel ways to disrupt those heirarchical social arrangements and perhaps delimit the boundaries of human expression? This would be "queering" normative gender performance. So this view of gender acknowledges the social construction of gender, and its political nature, and then attempts to enact a sociopolitical project to regain some sort of agency and freedom from heirarchy by "queering" gender.  So there are several different points that one can disagree with, and I think the nature of that disagreement is important in this conversation - do you think that gender performance is not hierarchical/was good the way it was, and in no need of disruption? Does queer politics not adequately describe gender? Does queer politics adequately describe gender, but fail to meaningfully disrupt it? Etc 

	Score: 71
		>I guess I was just overexposed to angsty teenagers on tumblr who seem to change genders every other day.  I think a lot of people feel this way. I have that reaction to, because on some level I think we view young people trying on identities as inauthentic. As older people, we know that today's identity is most likely just a phase and tend to disregard it.   But should we? We're all given to life and then expected to know how to live. We receive very little meaningful direction and yet are expected to know ourselves easily. I think it makes more sense to view this desperate search to make sense of ourselves as a very authentic action of human experience. No, little Bobby probably isn't owl-kin, and tomorrow he'll be something else, but I don't think he's trying on these identities as a flippant shout for attention - I think he's been thrust into a world that makes no sense and desperately needs to find how he fits in.   When our current available identities attempt to define people so narrowly (merely uncomfortable for some, painful for others), having a wealth of alternatives seems like a good thing for the time being.   

	Score: 64
		it absolutely is an internal sense of identification and kudos for coming to that understanding so gracefully

	Score: 50
		It's not as much that I think they don't exist, but that I don't get it as a "gender".   I am myself a very feminine gay guy and I usually feel very unconfortable around cis-straight-guys because I just can't perform what is expect of a "man". But this doesn't mean I identify as a woman. It just means that I'm a guy who fails to comply with my gender's social roles. But how exactly is this being of a third gender? If it is just about how one performs his gender, then everyone would be a different gender, because I think it's highly unlikely that two people would perform on the same exact spot of the spectrum. 

	Score: 47
		Hi! Trans person here :) Being transgender, at its core, is about gender dysphoria. This can be roughly split into physical and social dysphoria: physical is discomfort from the body (ie, having breasts makes me unhappy and uncomfortable), social is discomfort from social aspects of gender (ie, being called a man feels wrong and makes me feel out of place).  A binary transgender person usually will both physically and socially desire to look, be treated as, and at their core /be/ the opposite gender from what they were assigned at birth. That one is pretty straightforward.  Now to change focus for a second-  Sex is a combination of characteristics about the body: hormones, genitalia, chromosomes, gonads, secondary sex characteristics. None of these items have strict either-or choices- there is wide variation in sexed characteristics in many ways. Current research also points to gender being innate (not just socially constructed- I can go into this more if you want but it's not the main point of this) as well as also not a binary trait- while there are structures and patterns in the brain that are more typically male or female, many people's brains are not 100% one or the other- there's a lot of mixing and mingling. Transgender people, again according to current research, have brains more typical of their actual gender than their assigned gender- even before hormone therapy.  Now it seems pretty reasonable that, similar to people with intersex conditions who have physical sex characteristics that are not clearly male or female, there could easily also be ambiguity in gender in the brain leading to nonbinary genders.  Bringing this back to dysphoria, this would likely be reflected by partial or changing dysphoria- maybe a nonbinary person would have little physical dysphoria but strong social that makes both common types of gendering uncomfortable, or vice versa. They might have strong discomfort with their breasts but also be repulsed by the idea of a penis- or be uncomfortable with having any sexed characteristics. They might feel that their dysphoria and the sex characteristics they feel are correct change from day to day- which I imagine would be pretty distressing, given that it's hard to pick a reasonable endpoint for transition if what would be correct for you changes daily.  In the end, it's not unreasonable that gender can vary in the same manner that many other sexed characteristics can vary, causing at times variations in dysphoria that individuals understand as being between male and female, other than male and female, or fluid in some way.   And to add, my personal take as a binary trans person is that nonbinary people are just as real and reasonable as I am, and that the view that they hurt the trans community just leads to exclusion that won't really make a big dent in our eventual acceptance or lack thereof anyway.

	Score: 47
		I would be wary of people who oppose trans rights cherry picking kids on tumblr or shitty articles to delegitimize things they disagree with.  Places like TiA or its contemporaries are infamous for this, and just because a kid or a college journalism major says some short-sighted, dramatic, or egotistical thing, doesn't mean that women and gender studies aren't important or legitimate. Study their literature (not their buzzfeed articles or tumblr posts, but poems and books) and decide for yourself, don't just let the internet tell you what to think.

	Score: 42
		> I mean, yes, new constructs can be formed.  Well, actually... this *isn't* a new construct. [Genderqueer, non-binary, and third gender people have existed for as long as humans have, and many cultures all over the world have recognized them.](http://www.pbs.org/independentlens/content/two-spirits_map-html/)  Sulawesi, in Indonesia, recognizes five genders. In India, there are hijra; in parts of Mexico, there are muxes; in Hawaii, there are mahus; all of which are recognized as a third gender. In Native American cultures, there were two spirits, who were seen as being an important part of society because they were able to bridge the gap between male and female.  Just as we can have genetic variations that produce intersex individuals or XXY chromosome combinations, we also have variations in gender.  And don't stress about it if it seems new and maybe a little weird at first. People are hard wired to sort things into convenient categories; it makes our brains more efficient when we can lump things together. But as we grow older, we learn more and discover new categories. It's just like when you're a child, you're presented with the basics, but as you get older, you learn that the world has more depth. You go from categorizing everything as blue, or green, or orange, to knowing that some blues are turquoise, navy, or cobalt blue, and that some greens are lime, mint, or forest green.  Personally, I'm bigender. This means, I have times when I'm distinctly male and times when I'm distinctly female, and I generally slide back and forth between those two poles. I usually feel more masculine in the morning and feel more feminine at night, which leads me to suspect it's probably something hormonal, but I haven't gotten that checked out yet.  Genderqueer and non-binary people haven't gone away, it's just that our society doesn't really recognize them the way other societies do. But now that we have the Internet, scattered people from all over the place can find each other and learn about one another. It's a way to learn that 'Hey, I'm not alone out here, there's other people just like me, who are going through the same things I am.' It's a way to bring people together.  That's what happened to me. When I first figured out that my gender didn't quite match what people said was 'male,' I didn't know what to do. Sure, I had times when I felt very female, but I had all the male body parts, so I figured that maybe I was transgender. I didn't know I had other options; all I knew was that there was male, there was female, and that sometimes some folks got to switch from one to the other, and those folks were trans.  So I tried it, but that didn't work for me, either, because every time I thought I was getting somewhere with being female and becoming a 'proper' transwoman, starting all the things... well, dang it, I'd still feel male sometimes, too. This was incredibly frustrating, because I certainly wasn't male all the time, and I also couldn't stay female all the time, either. I was adrift, and I didn't know what was wrong with me. I had to find another option.  I didn't come to this conclusion lightly, though; I nearly killed myself a couple of times because I didn't fit into the male or the female box very neatly, and trying to deny half of myself made me incredibly depressed. I couldn't get rid of my dysphoria. I couldn't escape it no matter what I did.  So I threw out what I knew, and figured it didn't matter what other people said, I was gonna be myself depending on when I felt like what. It was the only way I knew how to live. Later, I was researching trans stuff, trying to see if I could find some peace, and I stumbled across two spirits. This was a eureka moment for me. Finally, I had a label for what I was. I wasn't alone; other people had gone before me. I'd found my option. Now I knew where I fit in.  Once I knew where I belonged, it was like giving myself permission to exist. I didn't have to stress out about whether I was male or female or what, I had a space where I could be me. I had a label, I had an identity, I had words I could use to describe myself. Then, as I grew older, I realized that other people were making the same realizations, and I started meeting other people like me.  I was home. I exist, I have a place, and that's okay. I'm not out to wreck other people's labels, I'm not out to invade people's spaces, I'm not hurting anybody, I'm just trying to be myself and live my life as best I can. That's it. That's all. Just a simple 'Hey world, I live here, too. This is part of who I am.'

	Score: 41
		> It makes no sense that someone wants to be recognized in one of these categories because these categories essentially don't exist to society  That's exactly the point of their revendication, what is said is that it's a mistake to consider only two genders. The argument is about saying that exterior socialisation factors have enforced categorizing into genders, the two legitimate genders. And thus because this has been done quite often really violently towards individuals it's a good enough reason to question our freedom in identifying ourselves.  >Non-binary genders aren't really a part of society.  Well as long as nobody talks about it, if it's starting to be such a phenomenon it begins to be part of society even if most social institutions like school, work and families don't yet know how to interpret the situation and just ignore the phenomenon for now.  >How can one identify with these genders if there is no such thing as a social product?  Obviously because genders are a social construct nothing prevents the creation of new social products no? Take the working class for example, shifts in workplaces and culture lead to an entire class of people with their own story, practices, culture and values.

	Score: 38
		I like this. I don't think I identify as gender fluid or something similar, but I definitely do not "fit in" with the regular idea of what it's like to be female, femininity etc. I don't exactly conform to common feminine traits e.g. I'm direct, often to the point of being abrasive, I'm ruthlessly analytical etc traits that are commonly viewed to be more of a male thing to have.   When it comes to gender, I feel more like a person, no specific male or female feeling. Physically I'm female, and I enjoy my form, but I think I would feel equally at home in a male form too. However, as I am female by sex and by presentation there are issues I deal with that I wouldn't have to if I was male by sex, like social expectations and general behaviour from others to myself, the same way male by sex and male presenting individuals deal with different issues from me.   I think for many people gender is a significant part of their identity, but it's not for me. During sex, I have my own preferences, but my gender doesn't play a role in my sexual interaction. Obviously my physical sex does, but I've wished before that I could somehow be both male and female. I don't know how it works for classic cisgender identifying folk, but my thought process in daily life, interaction, and sex (since that's important) isn't so much a strong "I am female" or "I am male" but more "I am", whether it is person, daughter, instructor, student etc. I am myself, and that's what works for me. 

	Score: 38
		Wow. Thanks a lot for that. ∆ I guess I was failing for words to describe what I was thinking, but what you say about "gender performativity" seems to encompass it.  > do you think that gender performance is not hierarchical/was good the way it was, and in no need of disruption?  Well, I do think that there is a hierarchy aspect to it, and I think that disrupting these "social roles" is not only valid, but important. I guess my issue is with calling said "disruptive performances" a gender.    I mean, don't get me wrong. As I said elsewhere in this thread, I am myself a very "feminine performing", proudly-flaming homossexual myself. But when I look at what I'm doing at a "performance level", and what transgender people are going through at an "identity level", it just feels a little unfair to classify my experiencia as a new gender, as opposed to just "defying" what is expected of my gender.   I mean, I'm not happy with the expecatitions about performance that comes with being a male, but I'm not upset enough about that I don't *feel* male, and at least in my (possibly restricted) POV, the only option other than identifying male is to identify female, because there's not a set of imposed rules for a third gender, so anything outside the extremes of the expectrum that I'm doing/performing is just a "failure" to meet society's expectations about my performance.

	Score: 37
		Right, so you're just a normal person with no gender identification issues.  I think there's a real point here about the dilution and trivialisation of the trauma trans people face due to severe dysphoria and the reaction to it, by people claiming to be non-binary because ooh, they're a guy and like noughties Britney. So do I and I don't even score high on the Kinsey scale.    The point of dysphoria is that it's not particularly behavioural. Of course these people will act more like the other sex - the neuroanatomy that's of the opposite gender will likely affect more than how comfortable they are with their physical sex. But the vast majority of people have little such dysphoria.    All these people do is discredit real sufferers and promote a backlash from the majority of the population who sees them as attention seekers, whether right or wrong.

	Score: 31
		(I'm not /u/ohnoanothercatlady, but rather the person she responded to at first.)  I think you have a valid point that people who don't suffer from dysphoria shouldn't claim to have the same experience as trans people who do. And I agree that I should be careful not to trivialize the experiences of people who have been much more marginalized than I have.  However, the fact that there are other people who have a much more difficult journey when it comes to their gender identity shouldn't prevent me from trying to express how I truly feel about myself.

	Score: 30
		Insofar as the differences are concerned he still lives a little bit in and out both worlds. He's not fully out at work, so still a she in some contexts and seems to have no intention or desire to go stealth. Presentation is firmly 100% masculine. He passed as male before even starting T and has always had a deep voice so he didn't have to change much beyond starting T. I use male pronouns with him but he technically alternates between he/they and sometimes seems to prefer they/them although the majority of his friends just go with male pronouns. For him the non-binary part is mostly a personal thing. I think it's for his own peace of mind more than anything.



CMV: Overbooking should be illegal.
=======================================

	Score: 511
		A disclaimer saying a flight may be overbooked (which may already exist) would be sufficient to prevent it from being fraud.  Airlines overbook flights because they expect a certain number of people to miss those flights. This way, the plane is still mostly full of paying customers. If they didn't overbook, those people missing the flight would mean empty seats. Therefore, the airlines would have to charge more for tickets to make the necessary revenue, knowing they would have fewer customers per flight. 

	Score: 355
		Most airlines overbook, but some don't. So, as it stands, you as passenger have got a choice:  A. You buy a seat on our flight, and we will guarantee you a seat (barring some issue beyond our control, in which case we will still make reasonable efforts to get you where you're going close to when you were supposed to get there).  B. Basically like A, except now there is a very small chance we will actually bump you, in which case we will pay you a lot more than your ticket and still make reasonable efforts to get you where you're going.  Contract B costs you as passenger a bit less than Contract A. Which do you choose?  You seem to be arguing no one should be allowed to choose Contract B. Seems to me a reasonable person might like to have the choice.

	Score: 258
		Even with a disclaimer, I think it's fraudulent or so close as to warrant banning.  You can't put up a disclaimer saying "we are selling you this thing, but in fact we may be selling you absolutely nothing."    I get the economic logic of overbooking, but I don't think the logic overrides the basic rule of law that you cannot in fairness sell the same one seat to two people.

	Score: 178
		The people who missed the flight already paid... now airlines get to make twice the money from one seat because they sold that place twice. It should be illegal to sell spaces (seats) that have already been sold.

	Score: 178
		You are correct, I am arguing no one should be allowed to choose Contract B.  In considering the manner in which you phrased it, I might amend my position to permit contracts like Contract B, with the proviso that the overbooking clause must be made *much* more prominent.  For instance, Canadian consumer protection laws require certain contractual clauses to be specifically highlighted and independently initialed or otherwise signed to be of force and effect.  With that level of affirmative disclosure and agreement I would agree to contract B being allowed to exist.  So I'll give a !delta there.

	Score: 133
		That's what makes it fraud.  They set it up to make it seem like they're selling you the thing, but they bury it in the fine print that they are selling you discretionary access to the thing.

	Score: 115
		Isn't that exactly what happens now?  If you no-show your flight, you're not entitled to a refund.

	Score: 101
		They're not selling you the thing, though. They're selling discretionary access to the thing.

	Score: 101
		Overbooking is not some shady thing airlines do in secret. It's an economic necessity. Empty seats cost the airline money, and most flights have a generally predictable number of no-shows, so if they can't overbook, then prices will jump.  If you don't know overbooking is a thing, you are not an informed consumer.  That said, this instance with United is NOT how overbooking conflicts are normally handled - this all should have been sorted before boarding. It's usually not that hard to find someone willing to give up their seat in exchange for a free voucher or class upgrade on a later flight.

	Score: 90
		The problem here is that if you offer 95% of people a 5% discount to fly on a flight where there is a 0.05% chance of getting bumped by overbooking, most will take it.   And those are numbers based on actual industry data.   Airlines (on average)  have a 1-in-20,000 bump rate, but a 1-in-20 no-show rate.  https://www.bts.gov/newsroom/december-2016-airline-on-time-performance  That's significant.

	Score: 71
		If overbook would be made illegal across the board, then the penalty across the board for not arriving at a reservation should be complete and total forfeiture of your spot, as well as paying the price of the ticket / reservation / whatever. And that just won't fly. no pun intended.

	Score: 69
		>pay for discretionary access to a product. In this case, the discretion is the seller's rather than the buyer's.  That's a big difference though! The buyer buying an option and then not exercising the option is different than the buyer being denied what they bought based on the sellers discretion.

	Score: 66
		>I'm seeing a lot more people defending the airline on this one than I anticipated.  You went into a thread where the point is literally to defend the airline and the practice of overbooking and you're surprised by the number of people defending the airline? 

	Score: 64
		They're not losing revenue because of people missing flights.  Those people have already paid for the seat regardless.  They're missing potential revenue by not charging for the same seats twice.  I'm seeing a lot more people defending the airline on this one than I anticipated.  

	Score: 53
		In this case, you should buy refundable tickets.  Those will never be bumped from an airline, since it's a higher "class" of ticket.  If you want to never be bumped, you are totally encouraged to pay the extra 15-40% cost to get a refundable ticket.

	Score: 50
		They sell service contracts to transport people from A to B with plane Z. They have space for X people in plane Z, but they sell the space to X+Y people.  Specific seats don't matter.

	Score: 50
		[deleted]

	Score: 50
		Sure, airlines could totally do that.  I'd take the 5% cheaper tickets every time.  :-)  Being bumped is literally 1-in-20,000.  It's a terrible gamble to spend 5% more, unless if you're not going to your own wedding or something.

	Score: 49
		[deleted]

	Score: 48
		>You can't put up a disclaimer saying "we are selling you this thing, but in fact we may be selling you absolutely nothing."  They're not doing that, though. If you are bumped from a flight due to overbooking, you're entitled to compensation. Due to regulations, it's usually worth significantly more than your original flight, though "more" is certainly relative if you end up missing an important event because of it.  Also, it's not just a disclaimer. An airplane flight is a service, and service contracts almost always have ways out for nonperformance. For example, if you hire a caterer for an event, the contract you sign with them will almost certainly have a clause along the lines of "either party can void this contract by paying $X to the other party". There's always an element of risk involved when paying for a service in an advance; shit happens, basically.  Now, overbooking is certainly more contentious because it's more "intentional" form of risk. However, many forms of risk are also controllable. For example, airlines could keep additional planes on hand to solve many common causes of delayed or missed flights. Economically, this is basically the same formula; the would lose money to make their flights more reliable, and would have to find that money elsewhere for it to be as profitable.  IMO, the only real argument against overbooking is that it's focused on only a few people. It's basically a reverse lottery; everyone saves a little bit of money, but a couple of people get totally fucked over because of it.



CMV: I don't like sand. It's coarse, and rough, and irritating, and it gets everywhere.
=======================================

	Score: 987
		Sand isn't pleasant, but that's the point. Soft places make soft people. Take a good look at [this fucking face.](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/starwars/images/0/02/Jar_Jar_SWSB.png/revision/latest?cb=20160910034613) That's someone who grew up where everything is wet and soft and squishy. If you'd grown up somewhere mild and pleasant, chances are you'd have never developed the drive to seek out a better life. You probably wouldn't have spent countless hours building your own podracers out of scraps, losing time and again only to pick yourself back up again each time. Sand made you strong. And ultimately, it's all about being strong enough to protect the ones you love, right? There's actually a very helpful parable on that topic. Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis the Wise?

	Score: 453
		I thought not. It’s not a story the Jedi would tell you. It’s a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life… He had such a knowledge of the dark side, he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying.

	Score: 406
		I think I might be getting your point, however I think I'll have to hear this tragedy before I can make a final decision. To answer your question, no.

	Score: 364
		He could actually save people from death? 

	Score: 349
		The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural.

	Score: 346
		He became so powerful… the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. Ironic. He could save others from death, but not himself.

	Score: 340
		Is it possible to learn this power? !delta  Regardless, I have to say that you have significantly reshaped my view. Clearly, sand had something to do with this Darth Plagueis man, possibly being the key to his power. Maybe, utilizing sand in no small way, I could also protect the ones I love, as he did. There's no doubt much to be seen in the dark side of the force, and, indeed, in sand. I have to say, this has helped me a lot, so thank you.

	Score: 332
		What happened to him? 

	Score: 173
		Not from a Jedi.

	Score: 91
		This might be uncomfortable to consider but maybe your problem is not with sand but what sand came to represent while you were a slave? Your girlfriend has positive memories of sand so she likes it.   I'm not saying that sand is good for you *right now* but if you come to terms with the trauma of slavery you may be better able to handle sand. It is no intrinsic quality of sand that bothers you.  

	Score: 91
		You know, maybe I could build some giant machine, that would turn the surface of entire *planets* to glass. It would be much quicker that way. I'll have to consider that. Maybe some sort of space station, that would do it...

	Score: 56
		You crush enough sand, it will turn into glass.   You're a freaking Jedi - why don't you just crush all of the sand on your planet into glass and make it a beautiful, shining ecosystem?  Stop whining about the problem and do something to CHANGE IT.

	Score: 38
		While I agree that sand may represent to me, psychologically, the slavery that I endured for so many years, I simply find it hard to believe that there's anything about sand not objectively bad. While I especially hate sand for numerous reasons, the fact is, it's coarse, and rough, and irritating. Plus, as I've explained to many other, it gets *everywhere*. Good luck living around a bunch of sand, because it's just gonna get in your house, and get everywhere. How are you going to clean sand? You can't really sweep it out. Where I lived, sand was just a fact of life, like being ganged up on and savaged by groups of Tusken Raiders.

	Score: 31
		Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/Glory2Hypnotoad ([98∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/Glory2Hypnotoad)).  ^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards) [​](HTTP://DB3PARAMSSTART {   "comment": "This is hidden text for DB3 to parse. Please contact the author of DB3 if you see this",   "issues": {},   "parentUserName": "Glory2Hypnotoad" } DB3PARAMSEND)

	Score: 19
		I think that a lot of your view is shaped and limited by where you grew up. Consider my home planet, Arrakis. In some ways, it's very similar to yours: a desert planet covered in sand. But this very environment, and the creatures of God that turned it from a planet like your girlfriend's into one like your own, have made this planet a centrally important one, far moreso than it would be with a different environment. This is because of Melange, or what foreigners call "spice", the most valuable commodity in the universe.  I've also decided to look into your history and that of your family and I have to say that what I found makes your perspective on this very hypocritical indeed. Your family owns a moisture farm, literally contributing to your desertification by removing moisture from the surrounding environment. This would be a bit like someone that owns a coal factory complaining about the quality of air. 

	Score: 18
		That's no space station...  Oh wait, yeah it is. 

	Score: 12
		Ah, the *Dune* answer.

	Score: 10
		It's fruitless to draw in sand, the winds will just roll over the desert and blow away whatever you manage to create. After all, it gets everywhere, and it's quite difficult to draw in it anyway, as it's so coarse and rough.  Sandstorms are fine, I suppose, if you don't have to weather them on long journeys through the hot, arid, windswept dunes of Tatooine, dragging behind you large chunks of various mechanical rubble, as you're enslaved to some kind of junkyard kingpin or something. I agree, sand might be easier to deal with if there were simply less of it around. But unfortunately, I don't think I'll ever be able to do so much as look as sand without imagining it, coarse and rough as it is, pounding against me, and getting *everywhere*.

	Score: 9
		You know, a lot of people probably find you to be coarse, and rough, and irritating. This girl you speak of though, she has seen something deep down inside of you worth loving. And I don't think it's your midi-chlorians.  The sand is the same way. Yes, it's coarse, and rough, and irritating. And maybe it does get everywhere. But you know what? That sands been there for you your whole life. When you tripped and fell down as a kid you didn't land on hard, compact sandstone, but rather you were cushioned by the gentle sand. Those rolling, windswept sand dunes were probably the closest thing you ever got to a playground. Those days where the intense sandstorms blasted through, keeping everybody inside? Those were your only real days off of work, giving you time to work on your beloved droid.  Instead of looking at what the sand *is*, you should think back to what the sand *has done* for you, because I think you'll find that it has done you a lot of good. 

	Score: 8
		Sand is appreciated for its aesthetic qualities, not only can it make for great scenery but you can draw in it or build with it. There's also something... I don't want to say "spiritual" but its got that association with time due to being a result of the wear and tear on larger rocks resulting in tiny grains that blanket the ground.  Even sandstorms are something I can enjoy for the sound of it. I like storms in general, provided I have shelter from them. Something about being holed up safe from the elements makes for a comforting experience that's not quite the same in the absence of those elements.     Not all sand is equal though - some is finer, softer, etc - and not everyone lives around it constantly. Perhaps its best enjoyed in moderation and you're simply in a situation where you're dealing with too much of it to appreciate it. I think an environment consisting in solely rocks or dirt or some other natural substance would be hard to appreciate as well, a more varied environment probably is just better than being in the middle of the desert, or any other very singular and limited environment.



CMV: Shows of patriotism should never be mandatory or expected outside of government, military, and private institutions.
=======================================

	Score: 352
		I agree with most of what you say, but I'd argue that patriotism should *never* be mandatory, or rather at least not in your exceptions of government, military, or private institutions.  **Government:** This could either refer to politicians and political bodies, or I expect it to be about the bureaucracy. I'm a Canadian so this is gonna be from that perspective. Here, our public service has a watchdog we call the Public Service Commission. They've consistently called out the last Conservative government for [iffy and possibly partisan motivated bureaucrat appointments](https://www.therecord.com/news-story/2585570-non-partisan-nature-of-bureaucracy-needs-protecting-public-service-commission-says/), based upon an assumption which I believe should be recognized before moving forward: Political ideologies or beliefs should not be promoted outside of political roles, especially in the public service. In other words, as a Canadian attorney/editorial contributor put it: we need to *["prevent political purpose from subverting the public good"](https://www.theglobeandmail.com/opinion/letters/for-a-non-partisan-bureaucracy/article958419/)*. Enforcing patriotism, conservatism, neoliberalism, socialism, or literally any politically charged belief in a government institution which isn't meant to serve it but instead the public good, is wrong.   **Military:** Blind patriotism can be dangerous anywhere, but when it's enforced upon people with a job that gives them weapons who are supposed to represent a country, things can go wrong. We need proper accountability, and enforced patriotism negates any check on whether military orders are just, legal, or sound. It's vital that military officers are freely able to have the voice in the back of their minds going: "Should I *really* be doing this?"  **Private institutions:** Unless I'm wrong, I think you're talking about free enterprise. I'm not cool with a boss enforcing their patriotism on their employees, who are free to hold whichever beliefs they'd like. Criticisms of my countries history or foreign policy don't get in the way of my ability to sell you shoes. 

	Score: 63
		In my opinion, you're very hard pressed to tell me that politics and patriotism aren't inherently linked. You'd also find it difficult to prove to me that patriotism can't be or isn't often used as a vehicle for an expectation of blind obedience to authority, which can be "in the national interest".  I'll take your reference to patriotism as expressive patriotic acts, as I think you're doing. I take these acts to include but not be limited to:  * Singing the national anthem  * In this case, the act of standing for the national anthem  * Reciting the pledge of allegiance, or any similar oath repeatedly   * Saluting a flag  * Displaying patriotism via flags or national symbols, when not necessary for identification or purpose.  * Maybe even putting your hand on your heart for the anthem or something  I believe, that it isn't ideal for any government, military, or private institution to enforce any of that as mandatory. Not a single one. It might be nice to have military officers salute the flag, but I don't find it acceptable for any reprimand to come as a result of not doing so, for example.

	Score: 47
		What if they simply find it unreasonable to link patriotism to sports? Some people might not find it reasonable to bring veterans and their service into the conversation about a football game, and so they might conclude that that time for the national anthem is just as well spent bringing awareness to race issues. Nobody should get to determine what you do for your country if your job is simply to be paid to play football; your choice to kneel to fight for brutalized peoples' rights doesn't have to oppose what veterans do, it's simply another avenue of loving your country. 

	Score: 46
		I agree with your CMV, disagree *slightly* with the example of NFL players kneeling.  On the player level, they kneel because of police brutality in the black community.  On the TV level, they're using their platform to signal solidarity with the struggles in the wider community.  On the corporate level, they're uncovering the hypocrisy of your very accurate observation of sports -> veterans. I mean they just had an Iwo Jima vet do the coin toss, and the ref did this ridiculous long winded intro. NFL games have somehow replaced the old military parades down 5th avenue.  But--it can be offensive because it comes off as incredibly spoiled. This is my POV as someone who doesn't think athletes should be role models at all. While the data on felon rates in the NFL have been [overstated](https://www.usatoday.com/sports/nfl/arrests/) there are still alot of them... with alot of high profile ones involving guns and domestic abuse. They don't have much moral capital to spend on kneeling. It's not Gandhi going to the sea or MLK getting thrown in jail for enduring the hoses. They're incredibly overpaid for what they do (in general. I know they do give back to the community too.)  You don't need to be a saint in order to make social commentary. Colin Kaepernick was the real deal, and is suffering for it. But football players as a whole are getting way too much traction and sympathy given how much they fall short at being role models in the first place. 

	Score: 43
		By patriotism, I meant simply compelling people to stand up for a national anthem or something like that. I don't mean forcing a certain set of beliefs on someone, though I think it's fair to try to persuade them, or filter for patriotism in at least government and not military, if not private institutions. I think it's reasonable to expect people to care about the country and protecting it when they're taking care of it. **That's it.** Politics are not part of my ideas of patriotism, nor is blind obedience to authority. 

	Score: 32
		Do you think the NFL protests are disdainful? I would say not. I'm okay with rules that limit or channel disrespectful behavior in a way that doesn't affect others unreasonably. 

	Score: 22
		Forcing people to sing the national anthem made America a great country? None of the substantive policies, actions, beliefs, etc?   Who are these young folk with blue hair you reference? I do agree America has lost all semblance of a respectable foreign policy and basic sensibility under the Trump administration, but the anthem protests and the suppression of them have to do a lot with Trump-supporting conservatives who demand that people respect the flag and the anthem at certain moments in certain ways.

	Score: 22
		People sign on to play football; some of them probably don't care about singing the anthem one way or another, that's just something that's part of the contract. I don't think it should be part of the contract, or that people should be judged harshly for not wanting to do it. 

	Score: 20
		I don't think it should be necessary, or even coerced, or even done. I think that, better than repeating the words, is just briefly teaching kids about the freedoms we have, why we have them, what freedoms we don't have, and how we can obtain them, whether it be through political action, personal actions, etc. And then teaching kids the value of serving the community, and helping them learn the necessity and sufferings of those around them.

	Score: 18
		I'm pretty sure the NFL is a private institution. 

	Score: 17
		Is it offensive if someone chooses not to take part because they don't think shows of patriotism should be a part of that moment? I'm sure there are people who enjoy watching football, who don't think that it has a reasonable connection to the military or the country. 

	Score: 17
		You called them enemies of the state and said that refugees should be expected to not be as critical or disdainful as they want of the state. That doesn't sound like supporting people's right to freedom of speech. One will probably be more popular than the other but both are equally protected and valid speech. Why should we expect any behaviour from anyone? Why not leave them free to have their opinions?

	Score: 16
		It is. I still want to discuss whether or not people should backlash against athletes who don't stand during the anthem, regardless of what's in their contracts.

	Score: 16
		Metaphors are silly; you're using one to conflate "harassing people with views directly against the job they're performing" with "literally any speech."  Regardless, while employers *can* choose to set whatever conditions they want, employees are also free to utilize collective bargaining to limit their employers ability to make arbitrary and capricious changes to the rules. Which is why the NFL can't force players to stand without risking a union grievance and a potential strike.  E: Additionally, just because employers *can* do things does not make them necessarily good. Employers have plenty of strong incentives to take actions that are not positive for the employees in a variety of ways, but that doesn't make those actions good or desirable for the employees or for society as a whole.

	Score: 16
		No one has died to protect my freedoms since WW2.   Mostly just died to push neo-colonialist agendas.  The military deserves respect, but using your freedoms should not be frowned upon.

	Score: 16
		So, what threat to my freedoms were the soldiers trying to stop when they died in training accidents exactly? Some nebulous other designed to drive up recruitment? I know the military existing serves a purpose. No shit.  The soldier deters hostile actors by merely existing. How many soldiers die in the act of.... existing? Not enough for it to have an impact on the deterrent factor of the military. Or, y'know. That nuclear arsenal we have just sitting around. That might factor in.   I'm fully aware that the military doesn't just fight wars. Who are you to assume the breadth of my view from 3 sentences? Especially when our distinctions rely entirely on definitions and not on reality.  Has anything I consider a threat to my freedom even existed since the Cold War? No. Did we actually fight the only country that was even remotely a threat after the 50s? No.  So what eminent threat are people dying to stop? Nothing.  Do I respect the military? Yes, but they are not shining golden gods who can do no wrong while securing the allegiance of economic targets in shitty proxy wars because they are *Protecting Our Freedom*^TM  In order to convince me that the military is in the modern day protecting our freedom, you would first have to convince me that there is a threat to protect us from. And deterrence does not count. Mutually assured destruction is its own deterrent, in the case of the only hostile actors that matter.

	Score: 15
		Does being patriotic necessarily have to do with showing your patriotism? And is it unpatriotic not to show patriotism? 

	Score: 15
		Standing for the flag doesn't do anything. It's not going to help anyone - zero people, overall. And it's not disrespectful to the flag or to the country's values to kneel - it's disrespectful to put the flag, anthem, military, national freedoms, etc. into people's lives and then berate them for not paying respect to them. What does a sporting event have to do with patriotism? And isn't it patriotic to bring awareness to deadly social issues, like police brutality?   Why are people measured on respect for a flag, when they might do nothing else to help their country, while the people who actually do stuff are panned for not standing?

	Score: 14
		Something does not have to be mandatory for you ignoring or out right countering it to be offensive. I agree that you should should have the right to not participate in observing the national anthem or the pledge, as well as choosing to not respect those that do observe them their their given or any country. But choosing to not participate carries a meaning, just like virtually all actions that people take and that meaning is inherently insulting and offensive. It says that you do not care about the things and people the symbol and activity stand for. 

	Score: 14
		I'm glad you were willing to put your argument across so cogently and well-thought out.   I agree, but to a large extent, there's a cultural component which says that people **must** show patriotism, and with rising economic and cultural issues (increasing ethnic diversity, income inequality, etc.) certain segments of the population are starting to cling to those beliefs in a way that's ultimately unhealthy and based not in some observable reality, but in their common feelings. To bring light to their issues, and their feelings, these sorts of things need to be talked out, and the logic and the feelings and the philosophy have to be brought out to help sway or at least open people up to the possibility of other, more logical, more harmonious perspectives.



CMV: Martin Shkreli (the creepy drug price hike guy) is a humbling reminder that Internet outrage is totally powerless to affect anything that matters
=======================================

	Score: 626
		Wasn't internet/media outrage mainly responsible for the $1 competitor to Shkreli's Daraprim? http://time.com/4084455/aids-drung-martin-shkreli/

	Score: 187
		There was nothing to fix.  Shkreli took advantage of short term vaccuum in the market to make a quick buck.   other companies inevitably rushed in,  and the price came down and stabilized.   That is an essence of capitalism.   It's entirely possible that without capitalistic opprunities - no one would be making that drug.

	Score: 134
		The Internet to me is like a shot gun aimed at a target from 100 meters out. There are so many movements and agendas. They are moving with a ton of momentum but seemingly aimless.   Gun control, social justice, outrage at the latest Trumpism... it all just seems like outrage with nothing behind it.  But every once in awhile the Internet does something great. It sends money to Nepal 30 seconds after an earthquake hits, it exposes harmful government secrets, it mobilizes information and makes us more aware of our planet, government, and big money.   Yes pointless Facebook posts from outrage are pointless, but the awareness the Internet brings is beyond priceless. 

	Score: 133
		One company was making a really cheap drug using a generic active ingredient.  Since that commpany was making it to so cheap, no one bothered competing with them.  Shkreli saw this as an inefficieny and opportunity to make a $.  He bought the drug and dialed up the price to make as much money as possible in the short term.  When he started doing that competitors appeared, since underlying ingredient is generic and it was now worth it.  http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2015/10/turing-ceo-martin-shkreli-just-got-disrupted.html

	Score: 104
		Yes, they developed the competitor entirely for the karma

	Score: 78
		Isn't this EXACTLY the view you outlined?  To restate the course of events:  *Generic drug no one talks about is taken over and price hikes by Shkreli *In response, a different company makes an alternative for $1. This company wasn't planning on doing this before Shkreli.    How is that not a response to Shkreli and the outrage? If Shkreli raised the price but there was no outrage, it would be business as usual and this second company wouldn't be bothering with a new drug.   But there was immense outrage, and now the second company is in the game. Whether this is in *direct* response to the Internet outrage or simply a great opportunity for the new company is irrelevant. The outrage is what caused the second company to enter the game, whether it is a direct or indirect influence.   Isn't this exactly the view you originally stated?

	Score: 74
		> In practice, when it comes to things that actually matter, nothing can be done by online petitions.  There are examples on both sides. On the political front, SOPA and PIPA were defeated largely because of internet outrage. Full-fledged net neutrality regulations were made politically feasible because of internet outrage (and a concerted campaign to petition members of Congress and leave public comments in the FCC's rulemaking matter).  In fact, political campaigns in general (not just for candidates, but for influencing public opinion on all matters of policy) rely heavily on an internet component as part of the overall campaign. [Obama raised $500 million over the internet in 2008 and $690 million over the internet in 2012](http://swampland.time.com/2012/11/15/exclusive-obamas-2012-digital-fundraising-outperformed-2008/), which freed up a lot of time from the traditional fundraising dinners. Notably, Mitt Romney's 47% comment came during a closed door fundraiser, and Obama famously spent considerably less time/effort on fundraising events than Clinton did in 2008 (despite outraising her).  Not everything that goes viral on the internet leads to a big impact. But quite a few of these online campaigns spilled over into the brick and mortar world to real, lasting effects.

	Score: 68
		[deleted]

	Score: 68
		Capitalism is never a driver, it's a system. One aspect of capitalism is information asymmetry. The outrage did help a lot with that in favor of the demand side and competition. 

	Score: 61
		So capitalism was the driver here. Not internet outrage.

	Score: 49
		I don't watch the news, and I'm pretty positive I would have never heard about this happening.

	Score: 38
		Without the internet, police violence against minorities wouldn't be getting the spotlight it is now under. That is leading to substantial policy changes and reforms.

	Score: 35
		[deleted]

	Score: 34
		But, does you hearing about it happen change things? That's the question.

	Score: 34
		[deleted]

	Score: 31
		> smart phones with cameras  Smart phones with cameras are useless without social media. They have to go together. And as a result, police departments are protecting themselves by speeding up implementation of dash cams and body cams, so that they can be in control of the most reliable recordings (which is a sword that swings both ways). 

	Score: 27
		It's a shotgun not everything you see is going to land (be truthful)

	Score: 25
		[deleted]

	Score: 22
		Ok so here's the deal.  Politically, there will only be about a half-dozen issued that the public will make a big deal about. This is the reality of large-scale discourse at a national level. Politicians have only so much media time, and they have to use that time efficiently to establish a "brand" in the eyes of their constituencies.  So basically, what you almost always have is a period of time in the election cycle where candidates figure out which issues are going to interest their voters in a way that will most benefit their campaign, and then they'll spend the rest of the campaign taking a position and arguing against other positions.  Before the internet, the issues were all basically the same in every election cycle and there wasn't a whole lot of engagement between candidates and issues of interest to the people. The candidates would go to their basic mainstays (for or against drugs, for or against abortion, for or against taxes, etc) and they'd win or lose based on how well they could market their stance (this is where a lot of the rhetoric like "pro-life" and "big government" originated). Candidates would basically only hear the positions from lifetime constituents who would write letter after letter in support of specific policies, or from focus groups, or from whoever would show up at town hall meetings. There's a reason why for decades both parties pandered to retired middle-class and upper-class white people. These were the people who knew their way around the communication medium that mattered i.e. pen-and-paper letters.  Nowadays, that doesn't work. The internet means that candidates can directly interact with their constituencies and identify issues that get them excited and will drive them to the polls. Candidates who are good at reacting to waves of public outrage can get first dibs at framing the issue in a way that their opponents will look bad unless they take the same position. Obama did this very well in 2008 and 2012. Trump is doing this very well right now.   This means, though, that internet outrage *if well organized* can be extremely effective for taking issues from the street to the senate. Compare the Rodney King riots with the Black Lives Matter movement. The King riots had the effect of further militarizing the police force and burning bridges between government and black communities. The BLM movement, on the other hand, has forced local and regional politicians to start dialing back actions of overly-zealous police forces, institute new policies concerning body cams, and has put pressure on public prosecutors to be more aggressive when prosecuting police misconduct.  Similarly, to bring this back to your original example of Shkreli, Congress actually IS investigating Shkreli's activities, and is looking for ways to change FDA rules in order to prevent this sort of profiteering. This, again, is in large part because of internet outrage at Shkreli's behavior. Without the internet outrage, Shkreli doesn't end up on TV giving horrible misanthropic interviews, and no one in congress sees anything wrong with it. In fact, the only thing they might see is the profits Shkreli makes as a positive benefit of new FDA rules and policies.

	Score: 20
		No, because this new competitor is selling it for $.99, not $25.  http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/daraprim-1-dollar-turing_5629a01be4b0443bb5637b35



CMV: being “trans” is mental illness and teaching children that they might be a different gender, allowing children to permanently alter their biology with hormones, is abuse.
=======================================

	Score: 1163
		So, I've been sharing [this video](https://www.reddit.com/r/transhealth/comments/16czrl/stanford_prof_robert_sapolsky_discussing/) (actually, the link is to the reddit article containing the video) which mentions a survey of people who had a cancer which required the removal of their penis.  In 60% of the cases there was a phantom limb syndrome for their penis.  The group also interviewed people who undertook transition therapy in the MtF direction.  The incidence rate of phantom limb syndrome was 0%.  This implies that the brains mapping of the body is actually different between a person who is Cis and person who is trans.  :edit: corrected link, since I copied the wrong link from my post history.

	Score: 841
		>8) If gender identity was truly hard wired at birth and people were “born into the wrong body” wouldn’t identical twins, 100% of the time, have the same gender identity?   This would make sense if it was only purely genetic.  There are many differences between identical twins, as you can tell by the fact that people can look at identical twins and tell them apart.  [This article](http://genetics.thetech.org/ask/ask142) mentions ways that pre-birth differences can occur.  For example "Differences in diet can start earlier than you might imagine. When the twins are growing inside the uterus, there can be differences in how well they connect to the placenta. This can mean one twin starts getting more to eat even before they are born! "  This doesn't go into too much details, but should help explain why one person in a set of twins can be trans while the other would not be.

	Score: 794
		Here's how the process works for a child with the earliest possible treatment.     Every step of the way is accompanied by a therapist, usually a team of therapists who specialize in gender issues.   There are gender clinics in a few cities and part of the job of these people is to do  gatekeeping and make sure that the child is making the right decision.      **Pre-Puberty**    At a young age, before puberty, all that is done is that a child changes clothes, gets a new name, and uses new pronouns.        If it doesn't work out, we stop here.   And they go through birth sex puberty as normal.    **At Puberty (Tanner Stage 2)**    If all this works out, and the child has lived as their gender successfully for many years - and puberty happens, the kid gets to tanner stage two at about 13 years old.  The child would be given drugs that suspend puberty.       If it doesn't work out, we stop here.   And they go through birth sex puberty as normal.    **Mid-Teens**    Several years more therapy, several years more living as their gender, 15-16 they can switch to hormones of their gender rather than birth sex - given approval of the team doing their therapy.     They'd go through puberty as their gender at this point, rather than as their birth sex.       **About or After 18 Years Old**  In some rare instances (and trans people are rare as it is) - if a kid has been transitioned for many years, they've been seeing a therapist and having their life evaluated for many years at this point.     They'd get surgery at about 17, but the overwhelming majority of surgeons will not touch someone under the age of 18.      **It is not the child's decision**  It's not just the child making a decision, it's the child and a team of specialists making these decisions.      There's no vending machine for hormones and no surgery on demand, it's a long involved process with gatekeeping and checks at every step of the way.       **And the system we have works _really really well_.**          * Young Adult Psychological Outcome After Puberty Suppression and Gender Reassignment: http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/early/2014/09/02/peds.2013-2958    A clinical protocol of a multidisciplinary team with mental health professionals, physicians, and surgeons, including puberty suppression, followed by cross-sex hormones and gender reassignment surgery, provides trans youth the opportunity to develop into well-functioning young adults. All showed significant improvement in their psychological health, and they had notably lower rates of internalizing psychopathology than previously reported among trans children living as their natal sex.  Well-being was similar to or better than same-age young adults from the general population.    The only disorders more common among trans people are those associated with abuse and discrimination - mainly anxiety and depression.   * Early transition virtually eliminates these higher rates of depression and low self-worth and dramatically improves trans youth's mental health:    http://www.jaacap.com/article/S0890-8567%2816%2931941-4/fulltext  * Trans kids who socially transition early and who are not subjected to abuse or discrimination are comparable to cisgender children in measures of mental health.   https://thinkprogress.org/allowing-transgender-youth-to-transition-improves-their-mental-health-study-finds-dd6096523375#.pqspdcee0   * Here are the guidelines from the American Academy of Pediatrics:  http://hrc-assets.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com//files/documents/SupportingCaringforTransChildren.pdf      Currently the treatments to solve gender dysphoria are in the high nintey percent effective range.     And for early transitioners it's MUCH higher.    It's literally the perfect time.        **Here's what you are arguing**  And if a 16 year old cisgender girl manages to convince a bunch of doctors that they are trans, goes through treatment, and at 18 has surgery, and later regrets it - all that happens is they end up actually trans.       That's it.  They're trans.  We know what to do about that.    It makes their life a little harder, a bit more work, but there are solutions.  They'd get electrology, they'd take hormones.   They'd do voice training.   etc...        So are you really suggesting that we don't allow children with a medical condition to have the most effective treatment possible for that condition on the off chance that multiple doctors are wrong and misdiagnosed the kid?     You are essentially saying that we should can make 99 kids have a hard time in life on the off chance that one kid might have a hard time in life.   This is a non-problem that doesn't need a solution.

	Score: 514
		There's a lot to digest here, so I'm covering most of it point by point.  >If I felt more masculine than feminine, couldn’t I just dress and live as such without having to remove healthy tissue?  Yes, and many trans people do this!  > Isn’t the idea that you want to cut your genitals off, mental illness?  Is it? Alone, "wanting to cut your genitals off" is just a rather extreme form of body modification. If done safely, why is it particularly different than getting tattoos, piercings, or other more extreme body modifications (dermal implants, etc.)  > I understand that the trans community has high rates of self harm and suicide. Isn’t that more evidence that being trans is a mental illness? Or possibly that trying to force yourself to fit into that gender is an impossible task and causing anguish?  Potentially, but it could also be due to the way they're treated by society. For example, research seems to indicate that post-op trans individuals have less dysphoria and a lower suicide rate than pre-op trans people who want to get surgical changes. Their suicide rates are still higher than baseline, but there's a noticeable dip.  This, to me, implies two things at work: an internal issue with dysphoria that surgery helps, and an external one with societal judgement that surgery doesn't help (or it only helps marginally).  >There’s no long term research that blocking puberty and then giving hormones is safe. We can’t give children tattoos even if they want them, but we can block puberty?  That's because, counterintuitively, blocking puberty is actually easier to reverse than a tattoo. You literally just stop taking hormone blockers and you'll have a late puberty. We know its safe because there's already a natural variance in when puberty begins for people.  >If gender identity was truly hard wired at birth and people were “born into the wrong body” wouldn’t identical twins, 100% of the time, have the same gender identity?  Nope! There's reason to believe that hormone levels and other in-utero things that aren't specifically genes can affect gender identity. That said, I'm not familiar with many identical twins where one is trans and one was not.  >If I was told at age 10 that I might be a boy, I very well could picture myself declaring I was boy. Especially the awkward prepubescent years when breast buds were forming and you just feel like your body is weird. Couldn’t just introducing the concept that you can be born into the wrong body to children then become a self fulfilling prophecy?  I mean...maybe, but you could make the same argument about being gay or bi, and people did, and it wasn't compelling then. Why should this be any more compelling now?  >When my child says he’s a dog, I don’t buy him dog bowls and put his meals on the floor. But if a boy says he’s a girl, I’m not supportive if I don’t buy stereotypical girl things and tell him he’s a girl? Can’t he play with dolls and be a boy? I feel that trans acceptance has led healthy children into believing that switching their biology is a possible path like choosing to be a fire fighter or a nurse.  There's a difference between wanting to do stereotypically feminine things, and feeling that you are a woman. There's also a difference between what you do to deal with a child who is a tomboy/tomgirl and one who believes they may be trans. One of those things involves some stereotype-breaking toys, the other involves child psychologists and other medical professionals. I think your worry that you'll accidentally trick your kid into thinking they're trans, and then they'll accidentally convince you that that's what they think, and then bada-bing bada-boom they're irreversibly the other way, is a little unfounded.

	Score: 423
		That’s completely valid and I concede point 8  !delta 

	Score: 383
		Found the [study](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/233573333_Phantom_Penises_In_Transsexuals).  The full text appears to be free if you give them your email address.   From the abstract it appears that the professor in the originally linked video exaggerated the results.  He claimed that M2F have a "zero percent rate of penile phantom sensation", but the study actually says that "In post-operative male-to-female transsexuals the incidence of phan-tom[sic] penises was significantly reduced at 30%".  This is compared to a baseline of 60% for cisgendered males who have their penises removed for other reasons.   Additionally, [this article](https://www.sfgate.com/opinion/article/GENDER-IDENTITY-AND-PHANTOM-GENITALIA-3219560.php) discusses the study and mentions that only 20 M2F individuals were surveyed.  Of those, 6 experienced phantom penis sensations.

	Score: 314
		That’s extremely interesting. What was the sample size? Any link to the actual survey?

	Score: 311
		[deleted]

	Score: 194
		> I asked if she would let her kids block puberty and take cross sex hormones,  Those are two *very* different things though. And conflating them is not a fair question.   Certainly in my country (UK), nothing happens to children in terms of transitioning that isn't reversible. Yes, people under 16 are prescribed puberty blockers, but these are not permanent, and are prescribed to other children with other things too.   Once they come of age, and have enough doctors' approval, then they can either continue with the process, which is made easier by not going through the 'wrong' puberty, or they can decide against it, and go through things naturally. It's a common trope amongst those who are against us to suggest we're carrying out surgery on children, but that's just not the case. I mean, I'm trans, and without opening a whole *other* can of worms, I'd rather strengthen childrens' rights, as Iceland have done, but I'm not going to mention that C word because that's another argument for another day!  In terms of your original question... Gender dysphoria is a condition where a person experiences discomfort or distress because there's a mismatch between their biological sex and gender identity. It's not a mental illness, according to our NHS - https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/gender-dysphoria/  Also, not all trans people suffer from dysphoria. I don't, often. 

	Score: 193
		She said she’s not touching this issue at all and she doesn’t envy the pediatric endocrinologists who have taken it on.   I asked if she would let her kids block puberty and take cross sex hormones, and she said she won’t let her daughter get her eyebrow pierced. She didn’t want to give a direct answer 

	Score: 186
		I get what you’re saying about the same arguments were made about being gay or bi, but the difference is that being gay doesn’t require medical intervention.   I feel like I should have differentiated between adults and minors making these decisions. My concerns are from the increasing number of children I’m seeing who are declaring that they’re trans and worried that it’s a fad.   Your point about hormone blocking being reversible, I don’t believe is backed up, but I’m going to run it by the endocrinologist in the next office at lunch and check back. 

	Score: 183
		Um, not to be pedantic but has anyone verified this with another study?  It's a single author without much citations or proof from a website that doesn't look like an actual journal.  Certainly not a mainstream resptected one.  I call "grad student needed to graduate", until you can provide more.

	Score: 169
		1) Many transgender people do transition without having bottom surgery. The desire to have bottom surgery does not qualify as a mental illness, which has a specific definition:   "Mental illnesses are health conditions involving changes in thinking, emotion or behaviour (or a combination of these). Mental illnesses are associated with distress and/or problems functioning in social, work or family activities."  2) Identity is psychological, not biological. Sex is biology. You can identify as a double amputee trapped in a normal body, should a physician remove your legs?  Body dysmorphic disorder is a mental illness that has effective treatments associated with it. A person with this disorder does not "identify" as a double amputee in the same way that a transgender person identifies with another gender. Also, bottom surgery does not affect quality of life as much as intentionally harming oneself. You aren't comparing like things.  3) This is the same thing as point 2.  4) Not necessarily. White men have an increasing self harm and suicide rate, but that doesn't make being a white male a mental illness.   Transgender people also face a lot of scorn from society for who they are. For instance, your post is arguing that transgender people are mentally ill or delusional, and they get this all the time. Perhaps the suicide rate wouldn't be so high if people were more accepting of their experience.  5) Maybe, but do you have any data to show that this is what is happening? Isn't it also possible that there is a contingent of children that have valid feelings about their gender?   Moreover, doesn't this argument sort of admit to the premises of transgenderism being based on the social components of sex and gender? If society can tell children that they are the wrong gender inaccurately, couldn't it also be true that society is telling transgender people that they are cis gender, and thus becoming a self fulfilling prophecy?  6) What you mean by this point is that transgenderism is a delusion. No psychologist or research backs you up on this.   7) http://impactprogram.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/Kuper-2014-Puberty-Blockers-Clinical-Research-Review.pdf  This is not a study, but it does cite research done on puberty blockers. In regards to "long term", the medication is new. There are currently long term clinical trials being conducted on the medication.  8) I don't know of anyone that argues that trangenderism is hard wired at birth. It also doesn't make sense to assume that identical twins would 100% of the time have the same outcomes. Identical twins aren't exactly identical to the point that they have no differences.  

	Score: 168
		There are always fringe health professionals who will agree with unhealthy choices. Blocking puberty effects neurological development, bone growth, bone density, height- and that’s just what we know right now.   It seems, in my office at least, that the physicians referring these kids out don’t want to broach the subject so they pass them along to a trans friendly physician. Then the kids are seen by very pro-trans doctors because the pediatric endocrinologists who oppose this, aren’t then taking trans teens as patients. It’s confirmation bias. 

	Score: 168
		People seem to love comparing body dysmorphia and gender dysphoria, so I’ve simply copy-pasted a previous comment I’ve made on this exact same topic:  > I have personally never heard of a disorder where people want to cut their own limbs off so I can't speak about that, but body dysmorphia is a common mental illness with which I have personal experience, and there are some key differences between dysmorphia and gender dysphoria.   >People who experience body dysmorphic disorder come in a lot of forms, but the most well-known kinds are anorexics/other body image-related eating disorders and people who are addicted to cosmetic surgery and other body modifications. In both cases, people who have this disorder are obsessed with their image, which they are not content with, but in my experience, the crucial difference is that an anorexic will not become much happier the skinnier they are: there is always this perfection that you're trying to achieve, but like Tantalus' grapevine it always becomes just a bit further out of reach the more you try to get closer to it. Someone who has such a disorder, wanting to look "perfect" and trying to eradicate their flaws, will never feel that they have achieved perfection and will always continue this cycle unless they accept that this is an impossible goal or recognize that their life is endangered by this obsession.   >However, transgender people do not show the same kind of reaction to being "indulged" as it were, because there are significant results. Transgender people often experience less gender dysphoria after transitioning or even none at all and become less unhappy when they are accepted by their peers (as per [this study](http://online.liebertpub.com/doi/full/10.1089/lgbt.2015.0111)). It seems that in fact, being accepted as who they are seems to be the "cure" for gender dysphoria.   I also will add that unlike most forms of body dysmorphia, “indulging” in a transgender person’s “desires” does not have enormously problematic consequences on their health or ability to function in their every day life. 

	Score: 137
		Even if we were to agree with all of your points, why should allowing a child to make a choice along with doctors and therapists be considered abuse?

	Score: 136
		>I cringe hard when I picture myself at 14 and 15, but what if those identity choices had been permanent?  Delaying puberty is not a "permanent identity choice."

	Score: 134
		!delta I was never convinced of treatment for children until your post

	Score: 130
		The hidden secondary premise behind this argument is that mental illness is to be stigmatized rather than treated.  Gender dysphoria is the illness, transitioning is the treatment. 

	Score: 121
		A double mastectomy for trans men (born women) is very permanent and is available to 16 year olds, or at least it is in my area. It’s not just delaying puberty, it’s delaying and then artificially mimicking the opposite genders puberty.   When we counsel women about the risk/benefits of hormone replacement therapy post hysterectomy, we tell them about risk of stroke, blood clots, heart attack, hot flashes, swelling, cramps, headaches, **doubling their risk of dementia...**  How can we tell women that replacing hormones post hysterectomy is a difficult decision due to the risks and side effects, but say that for children it’s reversible and low risk? 



CMV: 'Jump scares' are a cheap party trick, and movies that are full of them shouldn't be considered horror
=======================================

	Score: 1063
		All of that is true for a poorly executed jump scare in an otherwise bland horror movie, but here's what a good jump-scare does. Beyond the obvious physical reaction of fear at being startled, a well-executed jump scare adds to the tension of a movie overall by chipping away at your ability to trust scenes that seem safe. In the wake of a good jump scare, you're likely to be more vigilant, which makes you more invested, because that's how fear works in real life. Something startles you out of the blue, and suddenly every shadow that kind of resembles it requires a second look just in case. Bad horror movies aren't bad because of jump scares but because they're lacking in some other way (usually lack of investment in the characters) and can't take advantage of the viewer's distrust.

	Score: 411
		You're saying that in a *good* horror movie jump scares grab the attention of the viewer, and makes them question what they see? You may have a point.   edit: you, my friend, get a ^   Edit 2: no, sorry, you get a ∆

	Score: 217
		The Exorcist, The Thing, Alien, and plenty of other horror classics have iconic jump scares in them. What's your idea of well-made horror?

	Score: 161
		&#8710; I came in with the OPs view and had completely forgotten about The Thing and Alien.  While I do think they're overused in some horror films, they can be very effective ways to build suspense.

	Score: 60
		Horror stems from two primal instincts:  1. Realisation of danger.  1. Presentation of danger.  Lets work on number 1. A movie that starts out as a comedy, but gets less funny, and turns into a drama, and finally, it is revealed, after several incredibly dark scenes that it's been about a cannibal all along. An astute watcher would see the small signs that the makers left, and realise the danger to the characters. This tensions, that you know of the danger and they do not generates the horror.  The Silence of the Lambs did this incredibly effectively, showing that Hannibal is the most dangerous character, not Buffalo Bill.  Number two is different. There needs to be no long build up, rather you can simply show that "there is danger here". It can be a subtle reveal or a jump scare. Paranormal Activity is a brilliant example. You have a house, which is not a dangerous thing. Unlike an unknown prisoner, there is almost no way for the house to be dangerous.  Paranormal Activity uses the long sequences of little action to entrench this idea, then hits you with the jump scares, presenting that there is something that both the characters and the audience do not know, and it is dangerous.  Movies that rely on presentation of danger work best when the audience accepts that they only know as much as the characters, instead of having the privilege of being able to work out the danger before the characters encounter it.  Imagine waking up and realising you have been surrounded by lions all night.  Imagine a lion jumping out of a bush at you.  If you are any kind of rational person, both should scare you, and both can be elements in a horror movie.

	Score: 35
		Jump scares are the only thing scary about horror movies for me. I'll watch the whole movie calmly, but any time I start to expect jump scares I'll start sweating and fidgeting, then if they happen I'll flip shit. Gore or scary storylines don't really bother me.

	Score: 34
		Gonna appeal to authority here, but it is someone who knows a thing or two about this subject.  Stephen King said “[There are] three types of terror: The Gross-out: the sight of a severed head tumbling down a flight of stairs, it's when the lights go out and something green and slimy splatters against your arm. **The Horror:** the unnatural, spiders the size of bears, the dead waking up and walking around, **it's when the lights go out and something with claws grabs you by the arm**. And the last and worse one: Terror, when you come home and notice everything you own had been taken away and replaced by an exact substitute. It's when the lights go out and you feel something behind you, you hear it, you feel its breath against your ear, but when you turn around, there's nothing there...”  According to King, jump scares are part of what defines horror as opposed to other kinds of fear. You may not like them, and films that use them too heavily may not be any good, but according to King, they still count as Horror. 

	Score: 28
		∆ I hate jump scares so much and have a very similar feeling to the OP but you are right, when used well it can really add to the movie 

	Score: 25
		Just as an example, I've always believed that [the jump scare during the blood test in The Thing (at 1:10 in the clip)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqVbOSEsJNo) is the perfect example of how to do it right.  

	Score: 21
		Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/Glory2Hypnotoad. ^[[History](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/Glory2Hypnotoad)]  [[The Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem)] [](HTTP://DB3PARAMSSTART {   "comment": "This is hidden text for DB3 to parse. Please contact the author of DB3 if you see this",   "issues": {} } DB3PARAMSEND)

	Score: 17
		These are all excellent examples of movies that use expertly placed jump scares. Exactly the movies I would have cited. There are really only two or so jump scares per film.   Perhaps the OP is referring to movies that use jumps as a foundation of their scare tactic. For me, those kind of horror movies suck. 

	Score: 16
		I'm confused. Are you saying you want your view changed so that you DO find jump scares scary or are you saying that jump scares in general aren't scary?  Just because you're not scared doesn't mean it doesn't scare someone else.

	Score: 14
		&#8710; I never thought of it this way. I always felt they were cheap like OP. 

	Score: 13
		Or Ben Gardner's boat in Jaws:  https://youtu.be/RMFyoBf0CWI

	Score: 10
		∆ I hadn't considered the aspect of increasing viewer vigilance.

	Score: 10
		>Beyond the obvious physical reaction of fear at being startled, a well-executed jump scare adds to the tension of a movie overall by chipping away at your ability to trust scenes that seem safe.  This speaks to something MR James once wrote about ghost stories: the audience must be made to feel as if the same thing could happen to them.   If the characters *must* do something stupid to set up the jump scare, then yeah, that's cheap. If the characters do something that you imagine you would do too, and *then* the monster makes its appearance, the movie has you dead to rights, so to speak.

	Score: 10
		A good horror movie should use jump scares as a method of classical conditioning

	Score: 9
		If you're trying to award a delta, you need to use the symbol in the sidebar **and** also include a short explanation about how your view was changed.

	Score: 9
		I HATE jump scares. I don't watch a whole lot of horror movies, but I prefer the psychological horror ones cause I like the way they mess with your mind. But jump scares scare the shit out of me. When I was a kid I had asshole friends that would link me to jump scare youtube videos and they would send me into legitimate panic attacks and I had nightmares for years. When I think about it too much, I get too scared to click any suspicious youtube links because I'm afraid it'll jumpscare and make me panicky for the rest of the day. I have an anxiety disorder so I'm probably worse about this than most people, but that's my experience.  I agree with your original post that they're cheap scares, but they DO scare me, and not in a fun way.

	Score: 8
		∆  You know what I never actually considered how a jump scare would make me more emotionally invested in a scene. Very good point.



CMV: I am too easily convinced of good arguments by smart people.
=======================================

	Score: 1105
		This is a rather interesting task you've set us. If we change your view, you've been persuaded by (presumably) a good argument from a smart person *not* to be persuaded by good arguments by smart people. How does that make you feel? And if we don't change your view, then either you think we aren't making good arguments, which implies you have the requisite analytical/filtering capacity to determine when you should actually be persuaded (so you don't need to change your approach), or it means you aren't actually too easily persuaded by good arguments, so your view is factually incorrect.   Changing your view also isn't really in our self-interest, since that means it will be harder to change your views here in the future.   But I will say that as long as you are exercising your critical thinking skills, asking questions, and doing more research when necessary instead of just taking people's word on things, you aren't *too easily* persuaded. Instead I think that's pretty much an ideal position for discourse--you're persuaded by good arguments, but not persuaded when you shouldn't be.

	Score: 320
		> If we change your view, you've been persuaded by (presumably) a good argument from a smart person not to be persuaded by good arguments by smart people. How does that make you feel? And if we don't change your view, then either you think we aren't making good arguments, which implies you have the requisite analytical/filtering capacity to determine when you should actually be persuaded (so you don't need to change your approach), or it means you aren't actually too easily persuaded by good arguments, so your view is factually incorrect.  Ha. I didn't even realize I was making a Catch 22! (I don't know if that is the right use) !delta  I guess I was just looking for some feedback on my approach to critical thinking. I have gotten a lot out of this sub and wanted to make sure I wasn't falling into any traps that others have fallen into.  How can you tell if you are critically thinking and agreeing for all the reasons you mentioned, or just agreeing because you believe that all the requirements of a good critical thinking argument has been met? 

	Score: 258
		>There’s a classic problem in epistemology. Suppose that we have a superintelligence with near-infinite rhetorical brilliance. The superintelligence plays a game with interested humans. First, it takes the hundred or so most controversial topics, chooses two opposing positions on each, writes the positions down on pieces of paper, and then puts them in a jar. Then it chooses one position at random and tries to convince the human of that position. We observe that in a hundred such games, every human player has left 100% convinced of the position the superintelligence drew from the jar. Now it’s your turn to play the game. The superintelligence picks a position from the jar. It argues for the position. The argument is supremely convincing. After hearing it, you are more sure that the position is true than you have ever been of anything in your life; there’s so much evidence in favor that it is absolutely knock-down obvious. Should you believe the position?  >The inside view tells you yes; upon evaluating the argument, you find it clearly true. The outside view tells you no; judging from the superintelligence’s past successes, it could have convinced you equally well of the opposite position. If you are smart, you will precommit to never changing your mind at all based on anything the superintelligence says. You will just shut it out of the community of entities capable of persuading you through argument.  [source](http://slatestarcodex.com/2015/11/16/hardball-questions-for-the-next-debate/)  For me, the best antidote is to seek out opposing views, and make sure I disagree with one of them.  Much of the time, I'll end up with a nuanced position that disagrees with 30-second soundbites on either side.  Then it's just a matter of remembering which caveats apply to which situations, ignoring reductio ad absurdum arguments presented in a context of (false) dichotomy, etc.  If I cannot [steelman](https://wiki.lesswrong.com/wiki/Steel_man) both sides of a question, then I don't understand it well enough to be confident in whichever side I agree with.

	Score: 61
		> I find myself wondering if there is some part of my brain that is more willing to be swayed by good arguments by smart people than it should  How do you decide who is a "smart" person? There are plenty of people who are smart, but not very good communicators. And there are plenty of very persuasive people who aren't very smart.  > Should I be more resistant to changing my opinions so quickly? Or is it better to be fluid and open to new ideas?  It is absolutely a good thing to be open to new ideas... but what you are not doing, that perhaps you should, is thinking critically about what you are reading or hearing. What proof does the other person have? Is that proof valid? What proof is there of the opposing view? Are there opinions on both sides of the argument, as well as facts?  After weighing up all those things, you would then be in a position to consider whether you are right to be swayed by the argument.  And if that sounds daunting, then try posting what you've heard at /r/ExplainBothSides - they're very good at, well, explaining both sides of an argument!  TL;DR - you absolutely should be open-minded to open to change, but only after critically reviewing what you hear.

	Score: 40
		Probably nothing special. I imagine that an equivalent problem would be for you to play the game yourself, supplying the arguments to a lineup of toddlers. So long as the questions are "controversial" in that the answers aren't obvious to toddlers, they'll probably just assume you're right (unless they're just being belligerent or something...) But if a toddler insists on knowing what you think the best position is, you could then explain why you don't believe one (or both) of the arguments you had previously set out. And yes, it could be very interesting for us if a superintelligence could solve our moral dilemmas. But that might seem only as interesting from perspective of the ai as you would find it interesting to explain to the toddlers that, for example, orange juice does not in fact harden when you cook it like an egg does.

	Score: 36
		 Fascinating. I wonder what would would happen if the ai was asked what the best position would be?

	Score: 35
		Beware of sophistry - look out for people using longer than necessary words to convey relatively straight-forward ideas. George Orwell is a great example of an excellent mind who could explain complex ideas in common language; so it can definitely be done. Beware of folk like Russell Brand who see every sentence as a challenge to teach people new words. Genuinely intelligent people tailor their language to get their message across so if you're speaking to someone who's frequently using unnecessarily complex terms be cautious and ask them to clarify what they're saying until they cut it out. Obviously this isn't always possible but it usually is.  (example of sophistry being the use of the word itself =P) 

	Score: 30
		> How can you tell if you are critically thinking and agreeing for all the reasons you mentioned, or just agreeing because you believe that all the requirements of a good critical thinking argument has been met?  I think the difference is illuminated even from the way you worded it here:  are *you* thinking critically about the argument, or are you *accepting* someone else's argument because you believe they already did the heavy lifting/critical thinking for you?   If you ask questions, evaluate the arguments presented (not just the qualifications of the person making them), think about counter-arguments, do more research when necessary, I think you're doing your part not to be persuaded too easily. You know because you feel yourself doing some mental work, not just agreeing.   I got a delta from you a couple months ago. We were well into "continue thread" territory by the time I changed your view on the efficacy of implementing a NIT/pigovian tax. I'm certainly not on Steven Pinker's level, but I didn't feel like you were persuaded too easily--you were asking questions and pushing back on my claims. A good test, if you're really worried, is to find a smart philosopher whose positions you disagree with and see the various ways in which you evaluate their arguments, then check the extent to which you do that when you agree (or have a neutral or uninformed view). 

	Score: 22
		Here's my heuristic for whether you should consider yourself convinced: Can you explain why someone _wouldn't_ be convinced by the argument put forward?  That is, for the arguments you're seeing from Pinker (or anyone else), can you develop a strong counterargument you could see someone also finding convincing?  If not, then you probably don't have enough lay of the land to say you should be properly convinced of one side.

	Score: 18
		As far as critical thinking goes, I think the wise thing to do is stop thinking in terms of correct and incorrect, and train yourself to think in terms of *probability* of correctness. In other words, use [bayesian reasoning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bayesian_inference).  If you're interested in the correctness of a position, you should seek out opposing arguments (or try to prove it wrong yourself) as a check against confirmation bias. But what you *really* should do is seek out *as many arguments as possible* related for to that position. And with each one you should update your probability accordingly.  So for example, you're inclined to agree with Pinker before even reading the book. You then read the book, which is full of new information that increases your confidence that it's correct. That's totally reasonable - he is indeed a smart guy, academically trained, who did and presented a lot of supporting research.  That doesn't mean it's true. It just means you're fairly confident it's true. You can put a number on it if you want - call it 90%.  Armed with this idea, you go out into the world.  And as you encounter this information you should update your probability accordingly.  Say you run into a fact that seems to contradict his argument. But it's pretty minor overall, and not that important. Still you should account for it. Now you're only 88% confident.  Then you find out some of his data was wrong, or that more data muddles the picture. That's a bit of a bigger deal as it's more core to the idea. You lower your confidence accordingly. Call it 70%.  But then you read an unrelated article that makes mention of some concept in the book and seemingly validates it. That's new information that increases your confidence it's true. Call it 80%.  A prediction the book makes seems to hold true. 85%. Another prediction doesn't hold true. Back to 80%.  Another academic writes a really thorough and convincing rebuttal of the book. You're not sure now. 50%.  Pinker writes a really convincing answer to his points. Back to 80%.  Lots of other authors refer to this idea, and the consensus of the academic community seems to in favor of the idea. 95%.  Some writer comes up with a variation of the idea that seems to account for those negating bits of evidence you encountered earlier. Because you had a high confidence in Pinker's idea already and it turned that other information into supporting evidence, you can now assign a 99% probability that it's true, and Pinker's original idea is less convincing. As written it's only 10% likely to be true.  [Here's an article explaining the idea, probably better than me.](https://io9.gizmodo.com/how-bayes-rule-can-make-you-a-better-thinker-471233405)  How you assign probability and how much your confidence should change with new information is *somewhat* subjective.  But with all that in mind:  > Should I be more resistant to changing my opinions so quickly?  It depends on the quality of the new information you encounter.  > Or is it better to be fluid and open to new ideas?  Yes absolutely, but again you have to weigh the new information accordingly.  Should a well researched book be persuasive? Probably, yes! You'd be more foolish *not* to account for that and to assign its contents a hefty weight in your mind.  You're too easily convinced if you're assigning 100% probability to anything - that means you're not open to new evidence. Whether your view is correct or incorrect is dependent on how sure you are of what you've been convinced of based on what evidence.  You need to be comfortable with uncertainty about your beliefs, and *embrace* that uncertainty as a way of processing new information.

	Score: 17
		> And if that sounds daunting, then try posting what you've heard at /r/ExplainBothSides - they're very good at, well, explaining both sides of an argument!  I had never heard of that! I am excited to check it out.  I define smart as best I can. Education, Publication, Citations, References. I don't really know of other ways to determine it. Are there exceptions to those things, absolutely. We have to agree that more smart and less smart exists first, right. Once we have done that, I am open to other metrics for intelligence that can be used. 

	Score: 16
		There's no saying: it might be one position, the other, or a third that is not comprehensible by a human (no matter how patient we are, we can't teach calculus to dogs: a super-intelligence might be in the same position on certain subjects). Or, it might have no real opinions: the super-intelligence we're talking about may just be super-humanly good at persuasion, which might well be easier than being super-humanly good at evaluating reality.

	Score: 15
		I think you've missed my point regarding who is "smart". My point is that you can't necessarily tell, nor should you try. You should judge the argument, not the person putting forward the argument.  There are plenty of (to pick one conspiracy theory, there are many others I could use) people who believe the Earth is flat, who are educated, who have work published, who have references to other work and have been cited by others.  But the vast majority of published work on the subject, along with a huge body of physical evidence, suggests they're wrong. You can't tell that just by listening to the person who's claiming the Earth is flat, nor by learning about their education and their publishing history. You can only learn that they are wrong by reading *other people's* research/views/evidence/arguments, and comparing them with the argument you've just heard. 

	Score: 12
		> This is a rather interesting task you've set us. If we change your view, you've been persuaded by (presumably) a good argument from a smart person not to be persuaded by good arguments by smart people. How does that make you feel?  OP just exploded. What have you done?!  

	Score: 12
		> For me, the best antidote is to seek out opposing views  This is the crux right here.  I've noticed this with Youtube. It creates a cult like scenario were people can have access to hours and hours of material, a single perspective and get totally engrossed in it.   To combat this I like to bounce around and listen to different perspectives and make sure I'm not falling into this trap of just wrapping myself in one perspective, coloring my world view too completely. 

	Score: 11
		"Better" would depend on the audience, though, right? That's why we have controversy in the first place. If everybody had the same belief systems and values, we would all think and behave similarly. Because there are so many different combinations of core values and real-life experiences, we get contradictory world views. It's important to be able to see things from different angles, as you are actively seeking to do, because if you only talk to like-minded people, you begin to believe that the whole world thinks as you do and everybody else is wrong (the problem with YouTube referenced by Hazzman). It is equally important to be able to take those different perspectives and compare them to your own world view. See which perspective better aligns with your values and beliefs. Sometimes your pre-existing world view may have to be adjusted to fit the incoming knowledge, other times you can affirm that what the other person is saying is true, important, and respectable but doesn't necessarily agree with your own sentiment on the matter. Further still, you can believe two contradictory things, but recognize which belief is more valuable to you. People don't typically form conclusions based on spite and contention, but if they feel offended when offered countering arguments they may respond with resistance. When I'm in an argument, I do my best not to get angry because when I am angry I'm too focused on being right to consider why they might also be right or why I might be wrong or misaligned. There is no universal best answer in most moral dilemmas.  I may not have put this as eloquently as I meant to, but I'm in a rush. Hopefully I made my point well.   Edit: punctuation.

	Score: 10
		The best thing to do is look up counter-arguments and evidence for and against. You can't really form a legit opinion until you have done both. 

	Score: 10
		Some ideologies are pathological because how they oversimplify an extremely complicated subject, subsequently removing any attention to nuance it deserves.

	Score: 10
		True. Not a very practical way to live though.  But I agree, the validity of the argument, and it's counter arguments, is more import than the person putting it forward.  !delta

	Score: 9
		I assume when you agree with these opinions, you have very little knowledge of the subject i.e. you're trying to get educated on the matter. What you are experiencing is typical.  This is the same as when you begin to learn something and think you know everything about it. I think it was Plato who, when describing the forms, said that the more you learn about something the more you realize you don't know. You are realizing the vastness of the topic the more you look into it.  When you first are introduced to a subject, you see it in the immediate context of what you are taught. You can't criticize what you are learning because you don't know what the opposite side of the argument looks like.  If you want to be able to critically look at something, you need to hear both sides of the argument. Dig deeper. Even if you are sure the other side is wrong, there are kernels of truths you will be able to take from it.  This by the way is also how partisanship works. Both sides are so offended by each other, that looking into their reasoning would be like pulling teeth. It makes it impossible to create an educated critical opinion (this goes for both conservatives AND liberals) and you end up following the platform that your party wants you to. Rise above.



I believe that the rabbit in the Trix commercials should be allowed to eat Trix cereal. CMV.
=======================================

	Score: 2540
		[Here is a page about proper rabbit diet](http://www.bio.miami.edu/hare/diet.html). According to this page,   > Some types of seeds (especially things like "Canadian peas" and corn kernels) have hulls that are indigestible to a rabbit, and can cause life-threatening intestinal impactions/blockages.  > **Corn, fresh or dried, is NOT safe for rabbits**  [According to the GM ingredients page for Trix](http://www.generalmills.com/Home/Brands/Cereals/Trix/Brand%20Product%20List%20Page.aspx), corn is the main ingredient in Trix, making it an unsafe treat.   Futhermore, that page goes on to say:  > Don't feed your rabbit cookies, crackers, nuts, seeds, **breakfast cereals** (including oatmeal) or "high fiber" cereals. They may be high fiber for you, but not for your herbivorous rabbit, who's far better able to completely digest celluose ("dietary fiber") than you are. **Fed to a rabbit, the high fat and simple carbohydrate content of "naughty foods" may contribute to fatty liver disease, cecal dysbiosis, obesity, and otherwise cause health problems.**  While Trix may be a a fine treat for humans, it is definitely unsafe for rabbits. Those kids who are keeping the Trix rabbit from eating are trying to save his life, not prevent him from eating a yummy treat. 

	Score: 720
		This is the most convincing argument, but I still feel that my points hold; because the Trix rabbit is anthropomorphized, I (and probably most viewers) see him as a person rather than a pet. 

	Score: 473
		>see him as a person rather than a pet.  Are you saying that you think he has the digestive system of a human, or are you saying that he probably has a rabbit's digestive system and he should have the right to trash his body? 

	Score: 277
		Does it matter? Either way, the rabbit does have his own agency to choose what he eats. If he is payed for his participation in commercials, then he should be able to use his compensation to eat Trix, just like any other well-paid american animal-human actor.

	Score: 228
		But what if that leads to children copying his actions and feeding cereal to their pet rabbits? He may be viewed both as a person and as a rabbit, but preventing him from eating demonstrates that he's not a human, and he has a digestive system, and that rabbits shouldn't eat cereal.

	Score: 223
		Let's not forget that there's been a commercial where he walks into a store in disguise, buys Trix with his own money, and then the kids fucking rob him.

	Score: 208
		The Trix rabbit clearly has addiction issues. Letting him have some Trix is akin to giving heroin to a recovering heroin addict. He is also clearly mentally unsound. To placate his unsound fixation by feeding him Trix will only exacerbate his mental illness. The children understand this and are doing the right thing by not feeding his addiction and mental health problems.

	Score: 174
		I believe you have changed my view. Although, I still have questions about rabbits and cereal.   ∆

	Score: 140
		[deleted]

	Score: 132
		I'm saying it is irrelevant to my argument. He is an anthropomorphized cartoon rabbit; he doesn't *have* a digestive system. Viewers conceptualize him as a person (not necessarily as a human, but as a person), and so the way he is treated arguably still encourages discriminatory treatment of other people.

	Score: 129
		∆   I never thought of the rabbit as a influencing the behavior of children when interacting with their pets. While I feel that the rabbit is being poorly treated in the commercials, perhaps it is best that he does not get Trix for the good of all rabbits everywhere. 

	Score: 125
		[deleted]

	Score: 110
		> While Trix may be a a fine treat for humans, it is definitely unsafe for rabbits. Those kids who are keeping the Trix rabbit from eating are trying to save his life, not prevent him from eating a yummy treat.  While this would be an admirable reason, the ads clearly portray the children as delighting in the rabbit's ongoing misery. Just because you can imagine a justification does not mean that it is the reason for a given action.  Furthermore, iirc, there have been two or three contests resulting in the rabbit getting to finally eat the cereal. This did not result in the rabbit's death - meaning that in the world of the commercials, trix may not be for rabbits, but it is not bad for them either. 

	Score: 110
		Cheetahs aren't supposed to eat Cheetos.

	Score: 86
		> the ads clearly portray the children as delighting in the rabbit's ongoing misery  I believe these ads to be an example of an [unreliable narrator](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unreliable_narrator). The kids are trying to keep him from eating the harmful treat, and to them he is just a rabbit, so they speak to him like a pet. However, as the viewer seeing the slanted perspective of the Trix Rabbit, it seems like a case of cruel taunting and malice from the kids.   > Furthermore, iirc, there have been two or three contests resulting in the rabbit getting to finally eat the cereal. This did not result in the rabbit's death - meaning that in the world of the commercials, trix may not be for rabbits, but it is not bad for them either.  We can conclude that it is not fatal in the dose he consumed, but we can't conclude that it's not unhealthy. As I pointed out elsewhere, it's likely that the rabbit is suffering from HFCS addiction - it would explain the fervor with which he seeks Trix, as well as his skewed perspective on events related to him trying to get it.   Eating more Trix just feeds into his addiction. As the linked page notes, the more he eats, the higher his risk for "fatty liver disease, cecal dysbiosis, obesity" and other health problems.  As an addict, he is not in full control of his own actions - it is up to the children to ensure he does not get a hold of the cereal because Trix are for Kids, not rabbits. 

	Score: 85
		[removed]

	Score: 82
		Fuck that. I'm 26 and ain't nobody taking my mothafuckin Trix

	Score: 79
		But this rabbit is sentient, and has explicitly stated his desires. His consumption of said cereal might result in his eventual demise, but if this is his way to go I say we give him that choice.

	Score: 77
		We voted to allow him to eat it.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y9wrx8YHH8A  God I feel old now...

	Score: 72
		Holy shit



CMV: YouTube Kids should be based on a whitelist of approved channels.
=======================================

	Score: 235
		I don't understand how your point about copyright is relevant. Whether or not something violates copyright (and whether or not the creator actually tries to get it taken down) and whether or not it's child-friendly are two completely unrelated things.  

	Score: 175
		When you say "should", exactly what do you mean by that?  That they would have a better service if they did? Perhaps... though the costs of doing that probably would mean huge amounts of in-content placed advertising to cover the moderation... is it *actually* better for kids to be consumerized at a young age than for them to be exposed to a few "inappropriate" things?  If kids are on the internet unsupervised, they're going to see *way* more traumatic things than the slightly dumb video you linked.  The real "should" here is that parents shouldn't let their kids use the internet unsupervised. At which point, problem solved.  If parents were willing to pay for a curated service with parental controls (generally speaking, not the internet), also problem solved.

	Score: 66
		Politically speaking, it's that much easier for YouTube to take down material for copyright infringement than it is to take it down for content. It's generally and unanimously accepted that content creators have the right to regulate and police fan works, but removing or blacklisting "offensive" material is an order of magnitude less unanimously accepted.

	Score: 54
		YouTube does not need to be impartial.   YouTube is a private business not a public forum. If YouTube wants to sell curated kids content on a monthly subscription, how does that differ from Nickelodeon or the Disney Channel?   If there are controversies about what they exclude or include in their kids channel, then they will probably make profit driven business decisions based on each controversy.   Why do you think YouTube needs to be independent and unbiased?

	Score: 48
		That's understandable that it's too expensive. And I don't believe that it should be a government responsibility to regulate the uncanny valley or handle copyright and trademark claims that the holders aren't pursuing. !delta

	Score: 46
		The problem here is who is going to decide what gets to be on the whitelist, and how? Is it Google? How will they make sure they are impartial, and that people consider them as such? How will they avoid accusations of only allowing videos that fit their agenda, or having a preference for paying members,  or for that promote their products, or...  Bottom line: a whitelist is going to be a source of conflicts of interest, or at least of accusations of such.

	Score: 44
		Fan fiction has a lot of special factors and is handled on a case by case basis. There is plenty of fan fiction that is absolutely legal. If YT got into the practice of pulling down whatever they thought was a copyright infringement, I would expect them to face a lot of lawsuits.   Note this would be different if Disney initiated the request that YT take down the Elsa bank robbery videos. As you said, it's the content creators who protect their own works.  Sure, it would be better business for YT to keep a closer eye on their Kids section but I don't think copyright law is the vehicle to do it. FB has tons of moderators that increase/decrease the visibility of news items. Netflix has distinct kids categories and seems to keep them separate from the adult stuff well. I don't see why YT can't just do that without relying on copyright law.

	Score: 43
		I disagree that it's too expensive, YouTube is the largest video sharing site _and_ they're owned by Google, one of the richest tech companies in the world. If ever there was a platform that _could_ afford it, it would be YouTube.  I agree that parents should be more aware of what their kid is watching, however it ignores the reality that it's fundamentally impossible for all parents to do that all this time. Cooking, cleaning, and any number of other tasks require higher levels of attention.  How many of us were sat in front of the TV when we were younger while our parents did other things? There was a level of trust that Cartoon Network wasn't going to show inappropriate content, and if YouTube wants to take up that mantle, then I think it's fair to expect a similar level of oversight on their part too. 

	Score: 19
		Being branded for kids does not absolve parents of the responsibility to determine whether a product or service is appropriate for kids.  YouTube is by default a non-curated service.  If your kids cannot or will not use it responsibly, they should not be allowed to use it.

	Score: 18
		I deleted the YouTube Kids app months ago and have the regular YouTube app password protected so my son can't access it. He never found any of the creepy fetish videos, but he was obsessed with the unboxing videos, which I did not consider worthwhile things to watch, and he was starting to act out in stores when he saw a toy he recognized from a video.  I don't think it's practical for YouTube itself to create a whitelist, and it would probably open them up to more liability if they did. However, what I'd like to see is the option for *parents* to create a whitelist. Currently, there is no such option. Parents can block channels and videos, but there are so many unboxing channels that it was like playing whack-a-mole. As soon as I blocked one, another would pop up. Being able to limit his viewing only to channels I approved would be much more helpful.   Meanwhile, my son is allowed to use the PBS Kids app without supervision. It's safe, free, and their shows are better than almost anything on YouTube anyway. I also might consider Amazon Freetime in the future, but his tablet is an older model and doesn't support the app currently.

	Score: 18
		Thanks, man.  >I'd heard it was impossible with the volume of content uploaded to YT, though  If YT were to allow anyone to post to the Kids section and then after the fact tried to watch it all and delete the questionable stuff, yeah, I don't see that working. I would try having a vetting process for accounts that want to post to the Kids section. Once they're badged as kid-friendly, they can post to the Kids section. There would still be some that slip thru or abuse their badge, but it could greatly reduce problems without requiring constant, heavy moderation. No copyright concerns needed.  

	Score: 15
		[removed]

	Score: 13
		Hosting sites have always had a grey area online.  is google responsible for hosting copyrighted pictures? is youtube responsible if someone uploads a new blockbuster movie?  are torrent sites responsible for hosting torrents even though those don't even contain the copyrighted works?  In general this has been handled by saying if the site is freely letting people post stuff, the site isn't held responsible because they never claimed to have control over it.  Sure, there are cases where they can be asked or told to pull down specific things but that must be requested and then they can comply and not be guilty of anything.  If youtube creates a whitelisted section, that could be interpreted as all of these videos are specifically approved by youtube.  So even though the issue is to avoid these disurbing videos, avoiding trademarks and copyrights can become a bigger issue. If youtube is specifically okaying these videos which will often have protected content in one way or another, youtube could be held more responsible for the infringement and profiting off of others works without their consent.    Juts look at most of these childrens' videos.  they are montages, mashups, clips, or otherwise remixed copyrighted content that someone is passing off as their own.  As good of intentions as someone might have, they are not legally allowed to make videos of Disney characters and profit off them from collecting money from ads the same way they can't burn them on dvds and sell them online.  Currently youtube can get their sweet cut of this by acting ignorant, but if they can't claim ignorance, then they can be held accountable.   Now this all comes down to vague internet responsibility laws.  One way around this could be going the opposite direction and basically marking nearly everything as potentially risky content and just leaving what would be child safe as "unfiltered" so youtube dodges any claim that they have reviewed or approve the content so they can remain ignorant to any copyright infringement.    But I don't think that would be an acceptable way for youtube to brand itself.   In the end, parents need to monitor what thier kids watch, and perhaps have something like a children's account where the only videos that are rec commended or even available are from a whitelist that the account owner has to make and can only be added with passoword authentication.  Parents could add a few channels that they have reviewed and decided to be safe.  parenting blogs could post their lists of channels they feel are safe and parents can go down the list clicking and adding them, building a database that is parent approved but youtube's hands are still clean.    If youtube can avoid any copyright drama and can get the manpower to deal with the volume of stuff and scan through it, then whitelisting may work.  Some of the disturbing content isn't so easy to find at first glance though.  I saw one that was linked that has some kids song as usual with static images of characters bouncing around which is not uncommon.  after a couple minutes the scene changed to the same 2d static characters but it was implying a visit to the dentist.  the chatacter gets their teeth cleaned, that is fine, then some drilled, okay, a bit odd but is that bad, then they get some teeth pulled.  okay, this is getting strange but is pulling teeth too disturbing?  then they start bleeding everywhere all while the same kids song continues on repeat.    There is no way youtube is going to scan through hour long repeats of kids songs with basic animation like this an look for something that might be disturbing.  at best they would have to rely on people reporting videos.  but then what happens when people start trolling the reporting and find just barely controversial things taken out of context on legitimate kids channels?  the amount of content on youtube in insane for any team to watch through it all.

	Score: 11
		>Sure, it would be better business for YT to keep a closer eye on their Kids section but I don't think copyright law is the vehicle to do it. FB has tons of moderators that increase/decrease the visibility of news items. Netflix has distinct kids categories and seems to keep them separate from the adult stuff well. I don't see why YT can't just do that without relying on copyright law.  The Netflix approach is the one I suggested, but possibly improving moderation a la Facebook could work (although there's been a lot of falling through the cracks there too). !delta for suggesting that better moderation might in fact be feasible (I'd heard it was impossible with the volume of content uploaded to YT, though).

	Score: 9
		YouTube’s standards of what is child-friendly manage to be both a) biased against videos with anything slightly gay in them b) is super anti-conservative. I don’t think we should feed either of those ideas to our kids.

	Score: 9
		Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/hacksoncode ([266∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/hacksoncode)).  ^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards) [​](HTTP://DB3PARAMSSTART {   "comment": "This is hidden text for DB3 to parse. Please contact the author of DB3 if you see this",   "issues": {},   "parentUserName": "hacksoncode" } DB3PARAMSEND)

	Score: 8
		That's not just politically speaking. That's business.  YouTube needs to make money for Google to justify its existence.  Content creators get paid a pittance by YouTube, and that's why many of them have either supplemented that with Patreon or similar sites, or entirely shrugged off revenue from YouTube itself. (Shoutout to Jim Sterling who pioneered the model of "nobody gets revenue from my videos via YouTube because I show copyrighted material from multiple sources, so no one entity can claim it. Instead I'll get my revenue entirely from dedicated fans.")  The problem here is not that YouTube cares about the character of the content, it's that it cares about the specifics of the content. Because YouTube has, for its entire existence, had an existential revenue problem.  So they're not going to police content where it makes them money. They're not regulated by the FCC. They're going to show their main audience and kids whatever it takes to keep the platform running, as sick as it makes you and I feel. They don't care. 

	Score: 8
		There's an issue here that is a lot more complicated than this.  It does not matter which company is in control of YouTube when it comes to determining whether or not something is *too* expensive.  The benefit has to outweigh the cost of it, no matter what company the cost is burdened on.    A company like google doesn't become rich by making decisions like this.  Costs have to be offset somehow, no company will (or should) do something that is that unprofitable with (relatively) little impact without an appropriate benefit, whatever form that benefit may be. 

	Score: 7
		elsagate video's (the target of this CMV) are a totally different issue then their stance on LGBT issues or radical politics.  These videos are creepy/borderline child porn/or some kind of code for the childporn industry.

	Score: 7
		I don't think Youtube is opening themselves up to lawsuits if they remove videos from their website, whatever reasons they claim.



CMV: Win or lose, Donald Trump has drastically altered American political culture for the worse, and opened the door to all kinds of batshit insanity in the future
=======================================

	Score: 561
		[removed]

	Score: 312
		Trump is (hopefully) an isolated phenomenon.  To start, he won the primary of a fractured and disjointed party.  The Republican Party, at best, is really like two or three different parties struggling under one banner.  He didn't really win the primary as a mandate from a core of Republicans as much as he had the numerical superiority of enough.  He took a little of column A (tea party), a little of column B (religious right), and a little of column C (neocons) to string together a win.  I'm not trying to speak for any or all Republicans; that's just my perception of how he got his win.  He's gotten token support from the rest of the national party leadership because he is not the unifying standard bearer (not that Romney or McCain necessarily were, but it was a lot easier for national leadership to get behind those guys).  As disjointed as the party is right now, and its been heading this way for 20 years, hopefully the party will find its core identity again and prevent its being represented by someone who does not really represent it.  Beyond that, Trump has been crafting his brand for decades.  He is a unique mix of entrepreneur, entertainer, and political figure.  This is something he's been honing for a long time.  How has he been so successful despite his many, many political gaffes?  He sells himself in a way no one else could ever sell themselves.  He's sold and developed billions of dollars of real estate, entertainment property, and now politics much the same way.  The usual gaffes don't stick to him because he is far from the usual candidate.  His candidacy is built on his celebrity, and he is exceedingly expert at being a celebrity.  He knows how to drive the conversation about him and toward him, he knows what draws and keeps people's attention, and with that attention he knows how to manipulate the opinions of some of that audience.  There are plenty of people paying attention to him, but not everyone buys into him.  The next guy to come along an try to win by saying outrageous things and having a murky platform is unlikely because there has been, and probably will be, only one Trump.    I concede he has lowered the discourse of the political conversation and that is something that is likely to stay, to a degree.  Society has fractured in the information age into like minded cohorts; because he appeals to a few of these cohorts, his approval is amplified in their echo chambers and his support seems stronger, at times, than it really is.  Its interesting that these cohorts no longer require the tacit, or explicit, approval of major media outlets to remain viable, so Trump continues to be popular despite the admonishment of the media (left and right).  He has made it easier for the next candidate to succeed in similar ways.  But its not a playbook other candidates are likely to follow.  Trump does not have to ingratiate himself to the mass media or a large donor base because of his financial independence - something few other candidates are likely to be able to do - and he has ran with this to an extreme.  He's likely one of the few 'Republicans' capable of relegating the Koch political operation to the sidelines.  Perot was able to be that outsider maverick because of he didn't need a large donor base, but he lacked Trump's celebrity skills and was largely dismissed by the larger electorate.    Trump is making history, but he is also taking advantage of some historically unique circumstances.  Eight years ago, and hopefully eight years from now, Trump's candidacy - in its current form - would not be viable.  

	Score: 187
		I liked conservative columnist Ben Domenech's description of the Trump phenomenon: "The key to understanding the Donald Trump phenomenon is to recognize that he is neither a disease nor a symptom – he is instead for many Americans the beta-test of a cure. He represents the breakdown of the post-Cold War left-right politics of the nation, a breakdown that has been happening in slow motion for the past two decades, fueled by a dramatic decline of trust in America’s elites."  The Republican Party needs a revolution to be relevant with their traditional base shrinking. Hopefully a decent iteration will come post Trump.

	Score: 182
		[deleted]

	Score: 169
		I think your contention that *"there has been, and probably will be, only one Trump"* is the best argument put forth so far. It's quite true that a very unique set of circumstances have enabled Trump to get this far, and that he's uniquely adept at leveraging the media to his advantage. So it's probably true that most of the GOP won't be able to emulate his style - many will try, but they'll fall flat.  I see we both agree that, sadly, the negative effects on political discourse, which was already pretty terrible to begin with, will outlive Trump. But you've convinced me that his particular shtick probably won't work that well for other candidates.  I'll award a delta.  ∆

	Score: 161
		[removed]

	Score: 143
		To take it one step further, he might be the **best** thing that's happened to American politics in the past few decades, as he's delegitimized the bipartisan system in the eyes of a lot of conservatives. This *could* be the turning point for us.  

	Score: 116
		Not sure if you'll consider it enough to CYV, but none of this started with Trump.  He's a symptom, not a cause.    The two party system drives a lot of this.  It encourages politicians to demonize the other party, no matter what they do.  The modern news cycle and the internet drive a lot of this.  Decades ago, the only people who understood what was going on in the election were those who were paying attention to the news.  The news wasn't something thrown at you all day long either.  It was a couple hours a night, unless you really dug for it.  The internet (and to some extent, cable news) means people get political information all the time, and from other people who also don't know what they're talking about.  It's a recipe for disinformation and group think.  Citizens United is to blame, too.  There was time when it didn't cost billions to run a presidential campaign.  When the supreme court decided that essentially anything goes with money in politics, it made things drastically worse.  Rich people/PACS on both sides are sowing more disinformation and trolling the electorate in hopes of influencing the election.  **TL/DR:**  Trump hasn't drastically changed anything.  This shit was coming down the pipe anyway, and Trump just happens to be the guy on the end of the GOP stick.  

	Score: 104
		I think you awarded your Delta early.   Trump's tactics are those of a Demagogue.    >"a political leader who seeks support by appealing to popular desires and prejudices rather than by using rational argument"  His tactics are ancient, as ancient as the classical Greek word used to describe him.  There are many who have used his tactics and came very far in history... Always without fail to the determent of democratic principles.     From ancient Rome: Saturnius, Marius, and even Octavian.  Europe?  Well Hitler. Many fascist and communist leaders, in fact.  As well as more authoritarian types.   Duterte in the Philippines.   When they killed Pablo Escobar, many Columbian poor were furious. They saw him a Robin Hood figure.   Similar to when they arrested El Chapo Guzman: people in his home state actually protested the arrest.  Because if very effective pr tactics. I.e. demagoguery.    Trump is the latest.  He may be the first to come this far in American politics, but now that his methods have been shown effective in our system, there will be more to follow his example.

	Score: 83
		So we can boil down our discussion to a couple basic differences:   1) You appear to believe that dismissing something or labeling something "x-phobic" is an effective method in an argument; and that it is effective to make some political topic a taboo so that, for example, 40% of a political camp were not able to discuss their support of Civil War without the risk of retribution or stigma.   I believe that it is regrettable that they have this point of view, but labeling them and shutting them up is not going to help anything at all, and in fact, will cause even more people to accept that point of view. Meanwhile, as much as [80% to 99% of people](http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-morality/) immigrating to the US from Muslim countries believe that homosexuality is immoral. However, this isn't something you would be comfortable to discuss, while you are happy to bash supporters of Civil War.   **If you are right, then you don't need to shut someone up to prove your point.**   2) You believe that Trump wants to ban Muslims from entering the country, or that he believes that Obama founded ISIS. If you were to make an experiment and ask about it on the Ask Trump Supporters subreddit, I bet very few people would agree.   This is why I'm saying that Trump supporters do not take him literally. When, for example, Obama says that the majority of refugees are women and children, this is hard to take other than literally, and this is easily disproved with statistics, where men account for 70% of refugees. When Trump says he wants to ban Muslims from entering the country, this is a ridiculous exaggeration similar to saying "I'm so hungry I'm about to die or eat a horse" - no you're not dying and no you won't eat a horse. And no, you won't be able to ban Muslim immigration and no, Congress won't let you build a wall.    In any case, this is how I perceive Trump's supporters and I might be entirely wrong.  

	Score: 82
		I think the biggest issue I'm having with your statement is that you are putting the blame on Donald Trump's brashness and not on the incompetence of the other politicians that were up against him. While I'm personally quite fond of Trump myself, I do agree that it feels like we're living in a bizarro universe where he is very likely to become the next president of the USA.  What you need to look at is what he has been doing that the others neglected to do. So many people were drawn to Trump because he is the only one who took their concerns about undocumented immigration seriously. And raised them up in his campaign with the platform he had been given. There are people who have been legitimately affected by this, economically, as well as physically. He finally gave them a voice.  He certainly raised the lid on something. Something that the elite have been far too uncomfortable talking about. He did it with uncouthness, but certainly not violence. If that's what needed to be done to push those issues to the forefront then I find it hard to say that he has affected the election negatively, but he has in fact done quite the opposite.  These are the people who are going to run your country. They should be capable of bringing up uncomfortable stuff and discuss them. Sure, they might make you *feel* safe by not talking about them seriously, but the only way for them to actually *keep* you safe is to put it out in the sunlight.

	Score: 80
		Here's an outside look - I am not living in the US, but I do enjoy the drama of American politics and I think Hillary and Donald are roughly 50% right and 50% wrong each.   **First,** there is a deliberate effort from both camps to paint the other party's politicians and supporters as batshit crazy. If you confine yourself to only left-wing or only right-wing news sources, you are bound to have a biased perception of the other side's politicians and voters. It seems that you have fallen victim to that.   Let's say 10% of liberals are "BURN ALL WHITE PEOPLE" and 10% of conservatives are "THEY'RE COMING FOR OUR GUNS AND JOBS". You are hearing about these folks because this, for example, wouldn't be much of a headline: "Breaking news: Most conservatives don't mind gays, support gun restrictions and really don't hate you that much".   **Second,** there's nothing good about gaffes destroying candidates. Hillary's fainting or Romney saying "Oops" really isn't anywhere close to disqualifying someone from being president. Unless you want to make it into a week-long drama that sells millions of dollars of ads on TV. I do not see where there could be a correlation between the ability to be flawless on TV and instituting good national policies. I wouldn't be surprise if there was a reverse correlation.   And that brings me to my **final**, and most important point:   I think it is unlikely that someone as loudmouthed as Trump can get out of primaries in the next elections. But I'm hoping that just like you predict, something essential will change in the rules of American political culture, and that's the ability to avoid taboo topics.   For example, discussing sex and contraception with your children was, and still is taboo in many countries. This results in confusion, fear, unwanted pregnancies - nothing good ever came out of sex being a taboo topic.  Similarly, when an issue becomes a taboo in politics and cannot be discussed, it doesn't do good to anyone. When Fox News avoids discussing some topics and CNN avoids discussing other topics, at best this causes anger, hatred, and feeling of injustice.   When instead of having a discussion, you scream BIGOTS and end the conversation, that's what is the end of decency, honesty and credibility.

	Score: 75
		> For years people were shouting that they wished for a politician who told it like it is and was an actual outsider. Most people weren't actually hoping for Trump, but there's no denying he fits the bill.  I don't think he does. There's a difference between being willing to say outrageous things and telling it like it is. Trump is great at self promotion, media attention and marketing. That's not 'telling it like it is'. It's just telling people what they want to hear in a way they want to hear it.   If republicans really want someone who is honest and says what he means, Trump does not fit that at all. Now if they want someone who is charismatic, entertaining, wealthy, knows how to game the system, and gets great TV ratings, he's their guy. That's very different from a straight shooter telling it like it is, however. 

	Score: 73
		What makes you think that Trump is the first batshit crazy, piece of shit, power hungry politician? There have been plenty, and lots of them take advantage of citizens feelings to accomplish their own goals. Fear is a big one. Look at Joseph Mccarthy and the red scare. What about FDR and the Japanese camps in WW2?  You have to realize that American citizens elect these people too. As much as politicians are to blame for taking advantage of peoples feelings, we have to give some blame to citizens too for not doing their homework and continuing to elect politicians who have continued to take away personal liberties (in some ways. In others, like gay and black rights, stuff has drastically improved) and have put our country $19 trillion in debt through irresponsible spending and money creation.  TLDR: Lots of politicians take advantage of citizens and abuse government power to further their own means. Most of America is too stupid to see their bullshit and tell them to fuck off and never elect them again.

	Score: 62
		I would like a day one patch please. Full overhaul. I can't wait around 4 years for the sequel.

	Score: 60
		I disagree with such a casual equivocation of Trump and FDR, and I think I disagree with the equivocation of FDR and McCarthy too, but more importantly, I think these may miss OP's main point.  What I took the point to be is that Trump repeatedly demonstrates "politically incorrect" behavior in a way that no other Presidential candidate in memory has ever done. He does it purposefully, and seemingly to the delight of some of his most ardent supporters.  After Hilary Clinton made the "deplorables" comment, she spent the next few news cycles apologizing for her choice of words and trying to clarify what she really meant. After Romney made the "47%" comment, he did the same thing. The same goes for Obama, after talking about 'folks clinging to their guns and Bibles.'   Trump never apologizes. He seldom clarifies, and even when he does he often offers conflicting information that ends up making his position even less clear -- consider his Muslim ban plans, for example, or his comment that 'women who have abortions should be punished.'  Contrary to what Rush Limbaugh was telling me back in the 1980s, I do not believe that "political correctness" is some sort of organized, liberal movement intended to stifle my freedom of speech or diminish my individuality. In practice, I think it's more like a buzzword pejorative for the diplomatic way that people talk and act around other people from different cultural perspectives, so as not to offend them out of ignorance or misunderstanding. The idea of being "PC" is nothing more than the idea that it's easier to communicate and cooperate with people who are different from you when you acknowledge and accept those differences, instead of dismissing or insulting them. It's an idea as old as civilization and it's a been fundamental tool of almost any democratic leader.  Trump's persona is arrogant and unapologetic. His language is full of generalizations, superlatives, and hyperbole; lacking specific details, factual references, and compassion for people who do not support him. Nobody else has ever made it this far by acting like that.  Before Trump, every candidate I can think of made a true effort to be seen as running to be a "President for everyone," even including those who voted for the other guy. They've tried to appear to be acknowledging and accepting of viewpoints from people with perspectives different than their own, and when they failed to do so, they've attempted amends. Trump, on the contrary, boasts of his own political incorrectness and doubles-down when he gets called out on it.  FDR didn't do that. I don't think even Joseph McCarthy did that. So I think OP's thesis has merit: What happens now that a guy who *does* do that has won a major party nomination? What happens if he wins the White House? Does it change the way people campaign for President in the future? 

	Score: 51
		But no Republican will believe that because it sounds the same as everything else.   Same as with calling Bernie a socialist. Republicans have called Obama a socialist for so long the word has lost all meaning.

	Score: 43
		Let me tell you why he is, though.  For years, politicians have refused to answer questions.  George Bush shrugged off real questions with platitudes about freedom.  Most debates in the last 10 years have been dull affairs where everyone just made bland statements about lower taxes, family, and small government.  Politicians never said ANYTHING of consequence and never acknowledged the reality of their situation.  Everyone talked like a publicist.    Enter Trump, who actually answered questions directly and called people idiots.  He said he was for Planned Parenthood and against the Iraq War.  Maybe those were lies, but at least he *acknowledged reality* and didn't talk like Romney!  He certainly deflects questions now, but he doesn't always, and he was such a breath of fresh air when the GOP primary began that you can see how his "straight shooter" reputation was formed.

	Score: 43
		The death of traditional conservatism, in my opinion, was a foregone conclusion. The political right in america has been building to a split since the Dixiecrats joined the GOP. Reagan should have been the savior of the Republican party, but the party chose to focus on his rhetoric instead of his accomplishments. Reagan was a good president, who worked hard and made compromises with his opponents in an effort to promote the general welfare of the country. He is not without flaws (which are both serious and numerous) but no president is without them. The Reaganites we see in the GOP today act not on behalf of the man's accomplishments but rather a manufactured portrait informed by his campaign rhetoric and Cold War nostalgia.   The Tea Party is a logical extension of the right's bastardization of history (a crime the left can be accused of as well, though not in the same context, and I would argue not nearly to the same affect). It is a fracture in the political spectrum caused by false memory and promoted by a very well funded and operated media wing of the GOP. Trump is a wedge in the fracture created by the tea party, composed of equal parts xenophobia, memories of a past that never existed, and an unflinching disdain for compromise. Trump may hasten the end of the Grand Old Party, but the party itself is to blame for allowing it to happen.

	Score: 42
		> Donald Trump has essentially changed the rules of American political culture in such a way that he's completely erased any standards of decency, honesty or credibility from the electoral process.  This existed long before Trump; people haven't taken the voting process seriously for several election cycles now, since most of us are convinced that the system is rigged and our votes don't matter. American democracy is bloated with contrarianism and bureaucratic obstacles, meaning that government processes are highly inefficient and that it is difficult for average voters to see their choices of representative have any effect on the direction of the country.   Trump, at the very least, has his finger on the pulse of disaffected Americans. Flip-flopping and dishonesty don't affect him, since he "goes with the flow" of public opinion as it changes in relation to current events. He knows his demographics well and panders to their wants and needs.  > What the fuck has happened over the past four years?   Most Democrats don't want to hear it and are initially resistant to the idea, but hear me out; Obama has been a huge disappointment over the last eight years. No, it's not his fault; Republicans got in his way and were uncooperative, exacerbated by the fact that they held the House. Most of my friends who supported Obama in 2012 maintained that Obama's inaction on various issues was due to the poor economy and that he was "playing it safe" to get elected for a second term, and that he would realize his true potential as president during his second term in office. That never happened however (which might even be a good thing, since more liberal reform might have fueled Trump even more).  Movements like Occupy and BLM are manifestations of this disenchantment with Obama and the Democratic party since it's been in power. Frankly, I think the party would be wise to abandon it's policies of social democracy and return to it's more traditional, "safer" policies of Keynesian economics (which Obama has pushed for) and, on the extreme end of the scale, democratic socialism (though not by that name).   The Republican party, on the other hand, catered to the religious right for too long (and Romney was a hardcore attempt to pander to that group). The Republicans should have swung over towards a more Libertarian platform while they had the chance, instead of trying to cling to their traditional voter base. This is all 20/20 hindsight however.  Simply put, the American political climate has changed drastically and Trump is the culmination of that change. He certainly isn't the cause however. The television pundits have it all wrong; it isn't Trump, or xenophobia, or racists, or SJWs that have caused this election cycle. The internet, the political class, the changing political discourse, voter alienation, even *us*, have all caused this election cycle. Not Trump. This election cycle was bound to occur anyways (and if Hillary is elected, will occur again in four years). 



CMV: In a capitalist country where competitiveness and meritocracy are really priced, education must be free, or at least esaily accesible for everyone.
=======================================

	Score: 273
		> This continues with universities, where, in a system without public universties, or at least without actually cheap ones, if you dont want to get into very severe debt, you must choose marginally worse universties, which all leads to worse jobs, less options for your children, and the eternal circle will continue.  It seems like there's a mistaken assumption baked in here about what makes a university good, or why graduating from certain schools make it easier to get hired.  I'll put it to you this way: if there were "available, cheap and quality public education," elitists wouldn't cease being elitist. 

	Score: 153
		What if success in education had nothing to do with school?  https://www.ets.org/Media/Research/pdf/PICPARSINGII.pdf  Here is a list of 16 factors with data. A lot of them are correlated with poverty. 

	Score: 145
		To be honest, in my country, Spain, public universities are usually considered better, and theres even a stigma for going to private universities (He dind't work hard enough, his parents pay for his education, etc.), even if it isn't true, and there are universities that are worth it.   Our system is far from perfect, but admission is purely meritocratic, at least in the same autonomic community (one of its biggest flaws appears when the exam isnt the same for every community, so a guy from a place with an easier exam can "steal" the university spot from someone who deserved it more), and that means the only elitism you see is mostly between people with higher grades towards people with lower ones, which, while also not that good, is better than pure economical reasons. 

	Score: 74
		Nothing is ever *really* free, someone has to pay for it. The question is how do we get someone else to pay for it. Once internet access is paid for, that provides access to all of the education anyone could possibly want, from primary education through MIT courses available online. University attendance is no longer needed for learning but for certification and for herding those unwilling to motivate themselves through the process. So capitalism has provided that socialist utopia- universally accessible free education- just get yourself an Obamaphone with unlimited data.

	Score: 73
		It's not like the public universities in the US are significantly worse than the private ones.  UC Berkeley, Michigan, Georgia Tech, and some others are not significantly worse than MIT or Stanford (in engineering, the only subject I know anything about what schools are good).

	Score: 70
		Seems like a good point, and good doc, too.   Here, hava a ∆  However, I think that in a good school, the teachers/school can take a little of the role of the parents in terms of support/encouragement.

	Score: 67
		So here are the rankings of engineering programs in the US.  https://www.usnews.com/best-colleges/rankings/engineering-doctorate  1. MIT (private)  2. Stanford (private)  3. Berkeley (public)  4. Cal Tech (private)  4. Georgia Tech (public)  6. University of Illinois (public)  6. University of Michigan (public)  8. Carnegie Mellon (private)  8. Purdue (public)  10. Cornell (private)  So there are 5 public and 5 private in the top 10.  In my experience, it seems the people making the hiring decisions, etc. understand that there isn't much separating the top schools.  However, normal people are much more impressed with a MIT or Stanford degree than a Georgia Tech or Purdue degree.  If you live in the state of the state school, it's usually about half as expensive.  So instead of 50-60k per year, its 25-30k.  That's the entire cost of attendance, not just tuition.  That includes all living expenses as well.  Some states like Georgia have programs to pay the tuition of high achieving students. In Georgia, if you have over a 3.3, you don't pay tuition (you still pay a couple thousand in fees and pay for your room and board). 

	Score: 55
		Free education was tried in England, and it didn't last long. Why? Because free college actually tends to help the upper middle class and it also reduces quality of education (spending caps cause professors to go to private institutions). A study on England's free tuition program:  [Brookings](https://www.brookings.edu/research/lessons-from-the-end-of-free-college-in-england/): "Though it is impossible to know how trends would have evolved absent the 1998 reforms, we show that at a minimum, ending free college in England has not stood in the way of rising enrollments, and institutional resources per student (one measure of quality) have increased substantially since 1998. Moreover, after many years of widening inequality, socioeconomic gaps in college attainment appear to have stabilized or slightly declined."  We also have a study finding that subsidies don't have much of an effect on the marginal student. [NBER](http://www.nber.org/papers/w21724): "we find that subsidies inducing marginal students to attend colleges will have a negligible net benefit: Such students are far more likely to drop out of college or become underemployed even with a four-year degree, implying only small wage gains from college education."

	Score: 46
		It wasn't a 180°, and I still hold my view, but it changed my view in that during the upbringing of a children just school may not be enough, even if it is a starting point. Therefore, JUST free education doesn't assure a good future, and we need to study how to help kids.  On top of this, I want to promote documented and studied answers.  If this goes against this subreddit's rules or guidelines, please tell me, I'm quite new.

	Score: 43
		I really don't see how this changed your view at all. While there are other important factors to consider, I don't see how this refutes ease of accessibility and cost.

	Score: 43
		There's a difference between learning information and getting an education. I can't apply for a job saying, "Well I didn't go to school because I couldn't afford it, but I taught myself all the subjects I would have learned, so please hire me."   Regardless of how qualified I am in a field based off of my knowledge, it's the lack of a degree that really puts me at an often insurmountable disadvantage. Further, at most universities you can't just get exempted from paying for/taking classes just because you already know the material. For the majority of classes that are required for a degree, there generally isn't a way to test out.   What I'm getting at is that free knowledge is fantastic, but it doesn't do anything to lessen the impact of not being able to afford universities.

	Score: 36
		[removed]

	Score: 35
		Thank you for making an actual sensible argument, even if I don't share it. TBH I am not American, so I cant get an Obamaphone, which I suppose is a kind of free budget smartphone with unlimited data?   Anyways, I believe that for people to give their best, some outside intervention is needed (in this case, teachers, a student surrounding, university facilities, etc.), so while educating through the internet is technically possible, without proper guidance and environment most people, who would do just well in a usual college setting, would fail.   On top of this, we would still have the certification problem.  >herding those unwilling to motivate themselves through the process   Would you say this can't be applied to supervision or weekly updates in a normal job?  However, here, have a ∆

	Score: 28
		Cheap, quality, and public are an impossible combination both historically and by the axioms of economics. No matter how good the government is, there is always a danger in letting a monopoly instruct poor people how to think. Education is not equivalent to schooling, and making schooling compulsory in no way guarantees that a society will be more educated. I believe it is a moral duty to help the disadvantaged, but not a legal duty and the state often exacerbates the problem. Private schools are how the poorest in India and Sub-Saharan and Western Africa are becoming more educated and especially for females the privatization of learning is yielding prosperous rewards.  

	Score: 26
		Yep and then gov screwed that up. Now everyone is in debt.

	Score: 25
		College used to be affordable. You used to be able to work during summer then cover the next years worth of college expenses. That's how my grandpa got his degree in engineering in the 60's. 

	Score: 25
		How expensive are those universities? Whats the difference in qualification between one guy in Berkeley and another from the MIT?

	Score: 23
		It's the same stigma in Brazil, to the point where public university students taunt private ones by singing lines like "at least daddy doesn't have to buy my grades".

	Score: 23
		Many reasons not to do it; high risk, no guarantees, heavy competition depending on the field, potential of being highly stressful, and that's not even counting the sheer amount of work and time that can go into that.  "Work more" can't be the only answer to every work-related problem.

	Score: 22
		The Obama phone thing is a reference to Obama’s contributions to the [Universal Service Fund](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_Service_Fund#Obama_phones). It’s basically a government assistance program for getting people better connected with phones and internet.



CMV: There is a very serious problem with "black culture" in America that nobody is willing to call out or speak honestly about, and this needs to change ASAP
=======================================

	Score: 1475
		Here is my take. I think that you have heard the the term disenfranchised. This problem with the now violent young black kids goes back to I kid you not, the eighties. Firstly I am black, not African American. I too have seen this problem. I lived in Atlanta and it is pretty bad in the lower black popl. Areas.  Okay, when you look at the core stem issue it narrows it down to one thing only, kids raised without their fathers. Most of these kids are the by products of single moms and dad is in jail scenarios. They have never had a father figure who passed down years of male grooming and how to be a man, to their kids.   When I say the 80's it is when crack was introduced to these areas. There are many explanations but the reality whether you accept it or not, is that there was a systemic operation to incarcerate and basically put down the black man. The black man could now vote and it counted. The only way to stop that was to make him a felon. Organizations such as black panther started as community building places to assist black man transition and get educated to also work programs. All it took was to let a few greedy black people attain a source of quick cash. Drugs came in. CIA contra crack scheme began. Drugs were introduced to decimate black neighborhoods. Who knows why? Racism, control....??? Read the DOJ's report on this issue. https://oig.justice.gov/special/9712/ch01p1.htm  So many black people ended up in jail. Crack was introduced and punishments where severe for mere possession. Get em all in the system. Weed was introduced. War on drugs was lopsided with pure cocaine vs crack , a by product of cocaine, having far severe punishment. Many black men ended up in jail.   Kids grew up in these newly formed rough neighborhoods. They had to fend for themselves. They lacked education and had to grow up selling dealing drugs. Fast forward, 2017. These kids who grew up with no dads ARE now fathers who have no identity as a man. No template to have learnt what it means to grow up with respect, honor and courage. How to be a provider. The kids in their teens, have been raised by the hood so to speak, and social media culture. I have met a 20 year old who did not know how to use a credit card. So when white kids are going fishing and hunting with their dads, black kids are reading online how a 10 year old black kid who lived three blocks from them was gunned down by police playing in the park or friend was gunned down by a gang.  For them, a MAN is one who can defend and lay down his honor... sadly, using guns and fists, not by paying a mortgage and making a car payment. Their moms have been lives without their men. Communities entire, utterly dominated by women. The economics also favor women. Section 8 housing, healthcare, social security, alimony, child support, EBT, welfare.....all available to women but not the men. Especially if you have a charge on you. These southern states where most this happens have perfected that subtle art of putting the black man down. Any small infraction is met by suspended license. You know why, so that any contact with law enforcement while driving means 24 hr jail mandatory. No joke. It means probabtion officer notified and you are back in jail. And I kid you not again, they flood police in these neighborhoods. Profiling is commonplace here.   Say for example a weed charge of minor possession. Fine of say $600. There is no payment plan but you have to go on probation while you finish paying. Say you were driving. DMV is notified and suspends license. So now if you are caught the next day going to work with that suspended license, it means you broke probation. Mandatory 24 hour hold. You lose your job. Now you have a slew of problems. Can't pay rent. Car was towed. Have to provide. Charges double. It becomes a vicious cycle. Worst if you are trying to get out of a bad life. A simple $10 weed joint can fuck up your entire life. Maybe to answer you even though you did not ask, why black kids run from police.    So to answer you, the issue is not that people are afraid to talk about it, but talking about it would require a lot of people to admit that they are part of the problem. To admit that the system has been set up to decimate black communities, to admit that an angry black population is just a symptom and not the real problem that plagues America. To admit that the fore fathers and past generations of white america performed heinous and questionable acts to minority and Indian populations. While white establishment pigs itself out on wall street stealing billions, all the energy is focused on Tyrone and his $20 ball of crack. It is a skewed reality. To understand it well, means looking into your own life and admitting first to history. Most people can't do that, so you are not wrong my friend, just asking the wrong question...  Edit: what I believe are solutions... which I know are a dream that can never happen.  1. War on drugs simply needs to go away. It is a failed project. Mental execution holds no place in civilized societies. Drug programs should be available to these areas.   2. Middle class need to use their voice to band together whatever race creed or culture.   3. States should stand alone unless natural calamities or the like. Federal money should never be used to house state inmates. The incentive to keep inmates for a day to charge the govt should go.  4. Ebt and welfare should require free mandatory drug screening   5. World star needs to be fucking shut down  6. Kids should start wearing uniforms to school.  7. Sports programs increased.  8. Boarding schools should be introduced in America   9. Police ticket quota systems should go away.  10. Life skill classes should be introduced. Such as credit score classes, taxes, finance, the works.  11. Like Chris rock said, don't control guns... just heavily tax bullets. It is bad that a 50 cent bullet takes the life of someone.   I will go on later

	Score: 1089
		This may be a minor point, but I do think that culture is starting to shift, even though perceptions of it aren't.  I'm a white guy that used to work at a hip-hop club. Almost all our customers were black.  First off, I realized that the popular music today doesn't feature violence or criminality anywhere *near* as much as it used to. A lot of it is actually really positive and about good work ethic and the like, and the rest is mostly just about sex or partying. You don't hear songs about shooting up rival gangs anymore.  As far as the patrons themselves, I was really surprised how few fights we had. Hilariously, all the white people were scared of the rough black people club, but we had maybe one fight every two months or so on average - in a club that was usually packed so tight you couldn't walk across the dancefloor. Over a year, only one of those fights resulted in blood - a broken nose, because some dude grabbed someone's sister's ass.   While there's still some major issues with popular black culture - homophobia being one of them - I think it's very much improved just over the last couple decades.

	Score: 467
		>Most critically, as I see it this is not a race issue. It's an issue of a culture that exists predominantly in low-income black-majority areas, but it's not unique to black people nor does it affect all of them.  > I realize that the culture is neither exclusive nor universal to black people, but I can't think of a better term for this culture. It seems to go beyond just "thug life."  If you do not see this as a race issue, and admit that it seems mostly to correlate to poverty, why would you call it "black culture"?  I am not understanding how you're saying in one breath "This isn't a race thing" and in the other you're saying "But it's black culture."

	Score: 437
		This doesn't really change my view, but it's still really good to hear. Thanks.

	Score: 324
		The problem with black culture is what has pushed black culture to where it is today. The majority of African Americans live in impoverished areas of the United States, in places where jobs are hard to find, and education is poorly funded.   During segregation, these were the only places they could buy a home, and they were often in areas where manufacturering was big. Many would say "well manufacturering pays well!" Except it was legal to pay a black worker less than a white worker. This meant African-American families were living pay check to pay check, struggling to get by.   With Kennedy and Nixon, the civil rights movement helped to level the playing field, but Nixon did something else as well, he began the drug war. The drug war began the mass incarceration of black men. Nixon new heroes had two voter problems, African Americans, and Hippies. So the drug war helped to begin a fear of those who were using marijuanna, while also allowing the government to lock up black men at a ridiculous rate.   This caused an epidemic in black neighborhoods, the bread winners of the house were disappearing, leaving single mothers to raise their children and try to work full-time as well. The lack of two parents, and the increased financial stress causes those in poverty to turn to crime, at first just to get by, but eventually as an inevitable way of life. Many young black men and women turned to drug dealing and prostitution to help with the bills at home.   This leads into the 80s with the Crack epidemic within black communities, which in turn, lead to the incarceration of more black men. Men who were light drug offenders were getting out of jail hardened, and desperate, turning to more crime due to the lack of job opportunities.   In the 90s, manufacturing began to slow down with new trade deals hurting the manufacturing industry. This lead to the start of lay offs, pushing hardworking factory workers out of work. This, combined with the incarceration of black men thinning the work force, lead to schools becoming under funded in their areas, even though they were already underfunded due to the areas already being poorer.   In the 2000s, this got really really bad. We had an entire generation of African-American children growing up in the system, or without father's. Many fearing that the police were out to get them. 9/11 happened, war happened, the housing crash happened. The crash took the only thing these families had, equity in their homes, many lost the option to sell or move, and since manufacturering had practically died, there was no way for them to save up and move. They were trapped in these areas now.   With no child left behind, impoverished schools were suffering more than they ever have, and a large number of black children were not/are not graduating. The war on drugs is still incarcerating African-Americans for low level crimes, and leaving homes without fathers and/or mothers. Many do not have the choice for better education, better jobs, or to move.   We think black culture is the problem, but guns and drugs are not black culture, theyre the culture of desperation and poverty. White people when faced with the same situations have just as many problems with violence and drugs, but are less likely to stay in jail long term for it.   We need to fund schools in impoverished areas, and give the children a chance to make it out of this mess. We need to help alleviate the financial burden on these families, whether it's healthcare, home cost, jobs, or food. Otherwise it will continue.   TL;DR  Black communities have faced a lot leading to poor education, lack of job options, and incarceration. Fix those and we fix the problem of "black culture." Which is to say, the culture of poverty, not actual black culture, which itself is harmless and just culture.   Edit:   Some stats on prison population by race, and crimes by race:   64% of the population is white, 13% of the population is black. While whites make up 39% of the prison population, black Americans make up 40%.   According to the FBI, roughly 4 million more crimes are committed by white Americans over black Americans. So, you'd expect the prison population to be more proportional, but it's not. Black Americans are more likely to be convicted and sentenced for the same crimes than a white person.   https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2012/crime-in-the-u.s.-2012/tables/43tabledatadecoverviewpdf  Edit 2: more numbers.   White Americans commit 69.25% of all crimes in the US as 64% of the population, and only make up 39% of the prison population.   Black Americans commit 28.11% of crimes in the US as 13% of the population, yet make up 40% of the prison population.   If white Americans are committing over 2/3rds of the crimes, they should make up 2/3rds of the prison population.   Now for drugs:   21.8% of those who are serving time for drug related crimes are white, however, they commit 67.04% of the drug crimes.   Black Americans make up 38.8% the prison population that is serving for drug offenses, but yet they only commit 31.2% of total offenses.   57% of men were considered in poverty before they were incarcerated. 72% for women.   

	Score: 298
		> If you can manage 500 videos of gangs of white youths committing random acts of violence within recent years, I will absolutely concede my point and award you a delta.  Woah woah woah - you've added some new qualifiers in there! These goalposts have legs!  Now they have to be "**gangs**" of "**youths**" committing "**random**" acts of violence within "**recent years.**" Those are all new qualifiers that many of the videos you've shown us don't even meet themselves.   A "gang" is minimum of three people, so your 1st and 5th videos are out, as are any others that feature two or fewer perpetrators. The 5th is also out because the article describes the perpetrators as "taking items from the victims' pockets," so while random, this was still a robbery.   "Youth" I'll take to mean under the age of 17 until you indicate otherwise. This nixes your 4th example, as all were 18 or older, as well as any others that feature assailants over the age of 18. This also means we must either decide in advance to allow or disallow examples where the age could not be determined.   "Random" implies that there was no perceivable motive for the attack, not just that the motive was something other than profit. This nixes your 2nd example, where the motive is quite clearly perceived political differences. Completely inappropriate and unwarranted, to be sure; but not random.   "Recent years" could be anything. How old is your oldest video? I'd assume you start there. Do you claim that the issue of Black culture perpetrating Black violence did not exist before the early 2000's? The 1990s? The 80's? Pre-video? What's the threshold here?  So, based on these new critera, only one of the 6 videos that you've actually watched meets your example of culturally-motivated violence - the abhorrent and **highly unusual** abduction and torture of the disabled boy. Very many of the unreviewed videos you've linked us to fail to qualify as well.   So - can you help me clarify what the criteria *actually* are for you before I begin my research? 

	Score: 236
		> If you've got a better term, I'm all ears.  Why not "cycle of poverty" or something related to that? Calling it "black culture" *makes it* a race issue. It would be like calling predatory banking practices "Jew culture" and insisting it's not a race thing. It just rings false. 

	Score: 217
		Are people not have an objective discussion? I'm sorry if you feel piled on and defensive, and I get it. (200+ comments! Wow!)  But I think my point is not semantic or small. We do talk about the violence in these videos. We just talk about it through a different lens than "black culture." We talk about substance use, gangs, poverty, education, justice reform. More culturally, some people talk about "toxic masculinity." I think these frameworks are more productive and accurate than a "black culture" framework.   I don't think that's avoiding your point or trying to change the subject or accusing you of anything sinister. 

	Score: 207
		When it comes to crime, people put a lot of emphasis on race, class, and culture, but I think it's worth noting the importance of age. Crime curves are a well-known topic in sociology (https://www.nij.gov/topics/crime/Pages/delinquency-to-adult-offending.aspx) that show the correlation between age and crime. A great deal of research has held up the validity of the curves which show crime dramatically rising during the teen years and then falling off substantially by the time people reach their late 20s. Even in your examples above (and I'm not sure how accurate they are) everyone tends to be young.   If we follow your premise that crime is tied to black culture, you would expect crime to stay constant no matter the age or income level of a given black person. This is not the case. Researchers have further shown that a small portion of the population is disproportionately responsible for the amount of crime.   I'd like to echo some of the previous comments as well. The reason why people consider this line of thought racist, is because it has been a standard tool of racists for many years. If you want to paint a group of people in a negative light, you take the crimes of a small number and ascribe them to the community as a whole.  

	Score: 190
		There is a very serious problem with black culture, that is not about race?  Isn't that a contradictory statement?  Exhibit one is a joke.  There's absolutely no context whatsoever.  It's just a video of one woman beating on another woman.  I didn't hear a single thing about race at all.  But of course, it's painted by 'The Modern Conservative' as 'This is what REAL racism' looks like. No context. No aftermath.  [Just a stupid fight video between two people.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23UGpwVeNv8) That's not hard to find.  [3 white guys vs. 1 black guy.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKD-_1V3L-M) Is there a concerning problem of white on black violence?  [You know what Cherry Picking is, yes?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cherry_picking)  > Poverty in these areas is certainly an exacerbating factor, but I don't believe it is the sole cause. Poverty-driven crime is that in which the criminal is trying to gain something; selling drugs, theft, etc. This crime is simply belligerent. The perpetrators are gaining nothing from it aside from satisfaction. Moreover, I have personally witnessed this "thug life" culture in extremely affluent areas, being adopted by the children of very well-off families (though again, not all or even most of them).  Poverty driven crime is not just for gain. It's founded in a base of ignorance and a lack of empathy. Having grown up in a poor white area, all of the problems continually listed about "Black Culture" are also problems I continually see in "Poor White Culture".  Know what the difference is though? It's called "Poor White (or White Trash)" and not "White Culture".  There's an acknowledged difference.  Not so often when discussing "Black Culture".  Because all blacks are lumped into "Black Culture" (which should be Poor Black Culture, which, in turn, should just be lumped into "Poor People or Poverty Culture". (Shoutout to /r/trashy home of trash of every color).  Know what happens, often, in poor people culture? Fighting. Petty crime including vandalism, assault and battery. There's also, perpetually, a long string of "Honor Culture". Where your reputation is what matters the most. These are relatively tight knit communities, and your name and reputation travel with you.  You can't put up with being called a whiny bitch, you gotta throw fists and show that mother fucker what's up.  You don't call the cops, you can't afford a lawyer, the only thing you have is your honor.  [It's not hard to find.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkS-LPGRT2g)  [Hell, here's a clip of a white guy just driving around, walking up to a black guy, and punching him out and running away.](https://youtu.be/UJneLK9KP9M?t=6m11s)  > But right now nobody will even talk about this, because to do so will instantly have you be branded a racist.   Because you, and people like your friend, always try and frame this as some kind of "Inherent Black problem". You said it yourself, it's a Poverty problem. And it is. But that poverty problem is exacerbated by an ongoing racism problem.  > As I said, this is a problem of culture. Portions of it may be due to anti-intellectualism, neglect of family, general lack of care for others, lack of ambition or motivation to improve one's life, lack of respect for the law, lack of self-restraint, or more. I'm not even going to try to explain the depth of it, because I don't know it. Nor do I know how it could could even begin to be repaired. And I realize that the culture is neither exclusive nor universal to black people, but I can't think of a better term for this culture. It seems to go beyond just "thug life."  You don't know what it is. You can't describe it. It looks similar to poor white people.  But they're black.  So...it must be some kind of thug life black person thing. It's not. That's why you get called racist and ignorant.  It's a Poverty / Trashy People problem.  There are nearly twice as many poor white people than poor black people. [And they do the same dumb shit.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XiQF5bUpfXQ) [They all do the same dumb shit.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cpb2cXaTeUg)  There is nothing inherently special about trashy black people enough to separate it from trashy white people.  It's all trashy behavior.  But one (white trash) always seems to get a pass from society.  While the other (Black trash) contains "A very serious (but intangible, and describable) problem that needs to be addressed."

	Score: 177
		[deleted]

	Score: 173
		I call it that because I don't have anything better to call it. There's a very strong and unfortunate correlation, but not a causation.  If you've got a better term, I'm all ears.

	Score: 172
		> EDIT: "Slum culture" or "ghetto culture" have been suggested as alternative names for this problem. In any case, what we call it is not really what I'm interested in discussing.  But the name under which we organize these events is critically important. Because people **do** talk about these events and related issues in many, many ways. We talk about solutions to substance use, gangs, poverty, education, justice reform. We talk about "toxic masculinity." All of these conversations attempt to address precisely the kinds of things that have clearly had an impact on you, and then some.   The name we give to these things affects the way we think about it, and the way we think about solutions. Calling it "black culture" is a provocative move, and it encourages us to think of a solution in terms of race.   But you say yourself that that "this is not a race issue." So I would encourage you to re-think referring to it as a "black culture" problem, or even a "thug culture" problem (which is a fairly racial term). 

	Score: 161
		Please correct me if my paraphrase of your argument is off-base:  * Premise 1: There is significant evidence of black Americans engaging in group violence  * Premise 2: These crimes are not motivated by need or greed, as no material wealth is acquired through the course of the crimes  * Sub-Premise 2: Therefore, these crimes are not motivated by poverty  * Conclusion: These crimes are motivated by racial culture  Is this an accurate summation of your view?  If no, again, please let me know what I've missed.   ***  If so - then from my understanding of your view, were I to show you a significant number of examples (say, 176 of them, but only 6 or so of which I've watched) of white folks (1) committing act of violence (2) as a group (3) without seeking to profit from their crimes, you would *also* conclude that there is a violence problem in White culture, no?

	Score: 154
		I think "poor culture" may be closer to the truth. As it seems to be the most consistent trait in people that behave like this.   Though, having a family background that is generationally poor and non-violent/criminal, this term makes me very uncomfortable as well. Not really sure if there is a fair way to group these people together. Maybe "culture of crime"? 

	Score: 144
		I only take issue with one of your arguments; a few states have implemented drug testing for EBT programs and every time it has cost huge amounts of money for almost no gain. Drug testing is expensive, someone has to pay for the facilities, safety measures, the people running the tests, etc and it really doesn't catch a whole lot of people. For the most part, people on welfare aren't doing drugs.   Not to mention that requiring these drug tests places a hell of a burden on those who need this leg up to get their lives on track. You can't just collect urine or blood anywhere, they're mostly done at doctors offices. Which are often open only during normal business hours and may be a significant distance, especially if you live in a rural area. You may have to take an entire day off work every 3 or 4 months just for this useless ass drug test. Who knows how your boss will respond to that, especially if you're in an area with more people than jobs for them to work. Anything that makes you more difficult to work with might get you booted. And I doubt they'll just say that you can totally come in next week on your next day off.  I get that there are people who abuse the system and we want that to stop. But there's a line you have to draw where you're making it so difficult that the people who legitimately need the help can't get it. I would way rather let a few jerks game the system than put undue stress on the other hundred who are using it appropriately.

	Score: 117
		I think you're trying to separate them because "black culture" is not inherently limited to a specific skin color. A white kid could grow up in a poor black community and be subjected to and adopt the same culture.

	Score: 113
		No, actually you're totally right. I suppose we do talk about these problems, just in a much more oblique way.  This ∆ feels good to give.

	Score: 109
		Then why call it black culture? Why isn't black culture used to describe the majority of black people but instead violent criminals? Does he describe white culture as committing sexual assault, drinking and driving, and overdosing on opioids?

	Score: 102
		No.  A lot of school bullying happens because some kids cannot afford to buy new clothes. Social classes form that way



CMV: I think it is shameful that every modern nation has national vacation polices except for America.
=======================================

	Score: 549
		I up voted and agree with the sentiment, but I think I can convince you to have a slightly more nuanced view.  A national policy mandating vacation time is just one solution to a problem. The real issue is the fact that Americans work more than almost anyone else on Earth. We are easily the wealthiest large country in the world, earning about 40% more per household than the EU and Japan. We should be using some of that wealth for free time instead of working tons of overtime in high stress jobs our whole life. What good is wealth if you never enjoy it?  National mandatory vacation is one solution. My favorite solution is making private unions far easier to start. You could require that every business has an annual vote on whether to unionize, for example. Pass laws that make union-busting tactics illegal. In my opinion, private unions are a far superior alternative because they negotiate with the business with equal leverage, but also have to negotiate within the bounds of reality. A union can't demand something that would destroy the company, but the government can easily mandate policies that hurt the economy greatly - and does so all the time. If a government program doesn't work, it usually still sticks around forever. If a union-business contract is causing the business to fail, both parties will voluntarily adjust it.  Another good solution is mandating worker representatives on the businesses' board of directors, in the range of 25-49%. Workers won't be able to just vote themselves 6 months vacation or anything, but when business owners are debating a course of action, workers will have significant negotiating leverage to advance their interests.  Another good reason to favor private unions and/or worker reps on the board of directors is that some workers WANT to work long hours, for example at a start up, when they know they have to work long hours in order to get off the ground and compete with the big guys. National mandatory time off would make it illegal for them to bust their ass, like they have to do in order to build their company.

	Score: 132
		You find it "shameful" that a country built on personal freedom doesn't interfere enough in a private contract between an employee and an employer?    If you want 4 weeks, or 6 weeks, or 26 weeks of vacation every year, you are free to negotiate that with your employer.  But just because it is important to you and is something that you want, why should the government mandate that the employer provide the same thing to me?  Maybe I'm fine with 2 weeks of vacation but like getting paid more, having a good health insurance plan, having flex time available and having a subsidized cafeteria at the office.  But if the government mandates an employer provide 6 weeks of vacation time, then they're not going to be able to afford my health insurance, flex time and cafeteria.  So how does that help me?  I'm getting something that I find of no value, while having to give up things that I do find valuable.  Why mandate vacation time but not the subsidized cafeteria that I want?  How would you like it if the cafeteria was mandated and in order to offset the increased costs to the company they eliminated their vacation benefits all together?  Because that's pretty much exactly what you are saying you find "shameful".  You get what you want and fuck your coworkers and other Americans that want something else.

	Score: 116
		I couldn't agree with you more. Think of this, there are a lot of people who work the same job, same experience and are paid vastly differently because they 'negotiated' better. That is another reason I can agree with unions because they will help narrow that gap. I am not asking for socialism either, I am just saying that i do  think that is an issue. I am paid less, and have more experience, than my co-worker whom has the same title/roles. That is a whole different agrument, but I agree with you there. We do NEED some vacation policies. 

	Score: 56
		A trade-off in priorities. [On average, Americans - even the poor - enjoy a higher standard of living than most of the world.](https://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2013/06/01/astonishing-numbers-americas-poor-still-live-better-than-most-of-the-rest-of-humanity/) We have higher wages, at the expense of other compensation such as paid time-off. A problem with that system is that typically folks can't negotiate, opting for a lesser wage but receiving more PTO or other compensation instead.

	Score: 55
		I'll challenge your assertion that we spend most of our time at work. There are 168 (7x24) hours in a week. You would have to work 84 hours per week to spend most of your time working, as you claim. Even if you factor in sleep - 56 hours per week, getting the recommended 8 hours a day - that leaves 112 waking hours per week, meaning you would have to spend over 56 hours at work per week to take up the most of your time. [The average American doesn't even come close to working 50+ hours a week](https://www.thebalance.com/what-is-the-average-hours-per-week-worked-in-the-us-2060631). **EDIT to include commute, which is work-related.** In addition, [the average American commute is less than 1 hour, round trip](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/02/25/how-much-of-your-life-youre-wasting-on-your-commute/). That's at most 7 hours per week - in the unlikely event you work 7 days  a week - which still keeps your work-related time in the minority.  The premise that Americans spend the majority of their time working is flawed. On average, Americans have markedly more free time than they do work time, not even factoring in sleep

	Score: 45
		Glad to hear it. I'm not morally against negotiating. If individuals have different pay that's fine. What matters is the pay and time off of people in general being higher.  And no, private unions aren't socialist at all. I'm libertarian. Private unions are voluntary organizations, totally free market. Public unions I don't think are necessary because politicians and voters don't try to make public employees work 60 hours a week in high stress environments. And public unions donating to politicians results in public employees basically being their bosses' boss, which is definitely not conducive to productivity.  Private unions aren't workers owning the means of production. It simply balances out the leverage so workers can negotiate fairly. One employee can't get their fair market value negotiating with an entire company when their entire income depends on this job, but they are one of thousands of the company's employees.

	Score: 44
		Your comment's premise is incorrect. Americans do not work the most in the world. The average American worker works 1783 hours per year, just a hair over the OECD average of 1763. The hardest working country (in the OECD, which has the best data) is Mexico at 2255. That's an extra 9 hours per week over the US.

	Score: 34
		Both y'all need some sources

	Score: 32
		Why should I be limited in my negotiating abilities? If I can give up a vacation to secure a higher paycheck, why would you want to get in my way? 

	Score: 29
		Shameful? Out of all of the policies the US has/had, I hardly think mandated vacations is going to reach the top of the list. Perhaps this is being a little nitpicky, but I feel we greatly rob this word of its power when we use it for trivial things like this.   Edit: Additionally, why do you feel this is a national issue? It seems to me something that is more appropriate for the states to handle. 

	Score: 27
		First off, there is such a wide variety of occupations in the US that you can find a job with any amount of time off you choose. You generally just have to sacrifice other benefits such as salary, job security, insurance, etc. I work in sales and pretty much work until I hit my quota and then more depending on my financial needs. I routinely take random weeks off if I've been performing well enough to get by. And when you compare our median GDP per capita with those of other "modern" countries, it's clear that they also make sacrifices for this luxury. Even the few that have a higher GDP per capita have smaller workforces that are concentrated in skilled fields. Nobody with our demographic variance gets paid as much as we do.   Second, time off is something that varies from employer to employer. This just becomes a capitalism vs. socialism argument, but I don't think instituting blanket legislation is necessary where competition is already producing the worlds most effective workforce. If you're a qualified person who prefers leisure to high income, there are jobs out there for you. If you prefer high income to leisure, there are jobs out there for you. If you want both, there are jobs out there, but you have to put in the effort to become qualified and competitive. And if you've got poor skills and qualifications, you'll wind up with a job with low pay and low benefits. In my mind, that's not shameful. It's fair.   Third, you define our "work obsession" in terms of what other countries like us are doing. Frankly, doing something just because many others are doing it is never sound reasoning (remember every stock market bubble ever?). If you look at the grand scheme of things, Americans should count their blessings. I lived overseas for a while and any country that doesn't fit in the small but elite group of prosperous European countries that you're thinking of has work weeks twice as long as ours. One person I met while in Southeast Asia was applying to a US university and when she was told she'd have to work 20 hours a week at $7.25/hr to qualify for financial aid, she was mind-blown at how easy it was. Similarly, I've talked to Europeans that lament how few opportunities there are to employment with something other than cookie cutter pay and benefits that they aren't satisfied with. The grass is always greener on the other side, it seems.   And lastly, it's a basic economic principle that luxury and productivity are a trade-off. Everyone knows this. Employers know that the more time off they allow, the less they'll produce. Employees know that the more time they take off, the less they'll be paid. So why introduce laws to mandate what level of production is best instead of letting employers and employees decide together through a competitive workforce? I take time off after I reach my quota because I value leisure time highly. But I have coworkers in the exact same position as me that make 4 times what I do because they work 12 hour days, six days a week. What I prefer is not what they prefer. And some companies think that having a happy and cheerful workforce is the best way to increase productivity, and others think that discipline and rigor are the key. I say let them choose and succeed or fail on their own merits.   Tl;dr: everything is a trade-off and you can't have everything you want. If you want more time off, take a lower-paying job and don't worry about what we do compared to what others do...that's a road to nowhere. 

	Score: 26
		I'm pretty skeptical about that 40%. Do you have a source that tells you how that was calculated? Were factors like cost of living and standard of life factored in? Hours worked? Overtime pay? What constitutes a "household"? What kind of sample size and type of sampling did they use to gather the data? 

	Score: 26
		There are bigger fish to fry, yes, but i dont think i misused 'shameful' here. Think about Japan, for example, they have one of the highest suicide rates in the world and the stigma of over-working. Correct me if I am wrong, but i think suicide is the 5th or so leading cause of death in the US. It is not just time off that will be wasted. it could be used to improve the human experience, invent, and do public services.  

	Score: 24
		A- are you only talking about businesses of a certain size having to provide these benefits?    B- the vast majority of businesses are small businesses   C- a "corporation" is just a way to set up a business. There are corporations with fewer employees than many LLCs. A corporation certainly can be a small business

	Score: 21
		You're assuming that getting a certain amount of paid vacay is going to mean a lot of sacrifices in terms of wages and other benefits. There are alternatives to minimum of 6 weeks, like - what if everyone could get 5 days off if they work full time? I promise the sky will not fall.  You're also making points about americans being richer than countries who get vacation and this is not true, if you look at median income (which removes the boosting effect from extremely wealthy people like mark zuckerberg or warren buffet) countries like Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark win out. The US ranks highest in mean income but this is not an accurate representation of the average person.  Also if you consider things like UN's world happiness report - those same countries are at the top- notably they have a lot of things like vacation and national healthcare systems.  Another thing you can look at is Human Development Index, an attempt to measure quality of life, and those countries are again at the top.  Before you think I'm shitting on the states - I've visited a few times recently and love the US and the people I met there. But the idea that you can't have vacation and still be a competitive economy or have good jobs is just wrong.   If you look at labor rights in the US it's basically policy that benefits big companies more than a lot of other countries, but don't make the mistake of thinking everything that benefits big companies and the rich trickles down to everyone.

	Score: 20
		Because culturally we've been very adamant against the government interfering in the private sector, and with a country of 300 million people it's going to be difficult to pass most economic legislation.   For what it's worth I agree that we should have PTO. I just feel that we are going to be far more successful at getting to that goal if we:  * Present it as a practical argument, not a moral one. (So avoid words like shame and rights).   * Don't fall into bandwagon appeals.  * Focus on convincing Blue states to adopt this rather than trying to convince the entire US all at once. 

	Score: 19
		have a delta for that ∆. but, still why dont we have more vacation time? every other developed nation does. not everyone can snag a job that allows enough time off. even in denmark they have more days off for national holidays that most people get here from their emploer. https://www.timeanddate.com/holidays/denmark/

	Score: 17
		even if that is true, it's an ENTIRELY different solution than vacation, which is what this CMV is supposed to be about.  

	Score: 16
		I've never had a job upon graduating with a non-stem bachelors from a third tier state school that didn't offer at least 20 days PTO. I've since switched companies twice all the while getting more and more PTO. This to me is a non-issue. You as an employee can always leave and get another job with more PTO. Nationally mandating it is needlessly bureaucratic and will just be abused and cause unnecessary lobbying.

	Score: 16
		man, i like you and our views arent so different on this. since i cant award you a delta, can you tell me your opinion on how you think unions can make their come back or how we can get to where the feds implement a PTO program? 



CMV:People who are morbidly obese shouldn't get handicap parking passes or any other handicap benefits.
=======================================

	Score: 1114
		First, you are dividing handicapped people into two groups: the "legitimately" handicapped and the "illegitimately" handicapped. I assume your criterion for classification is *fault* -- if the handicap is self-inflicted, then it's illegitimate.  Second, you are arguing for a difference in society's treatment of handicapped people based on which group they belong to. You want to deny "illegitimately" handicapped people privileges such as prime parking spaces.  I think you're wrong on both counts. For the first point, not all obese people are obese due to laziness or lack of self control. True, many are, but definitely not all. And what about those other handicaps (broken bones, blindness, etc) that a person may have caused through their own recklessness or stupidity? How would you be able to tell why people are handicapped, and who would be the final arbiter? It simply makes no sense from both a theoretical and practical perspective.  For the second point, the "privileges" given to handicapped people are intended to compensate for their handicap and allow them to function normally in society. Someone in a wheelchair has the right to go to the mall like anyone else, that's why there's a ramp. Removing those privileges would amount to punishment. But punishing the handicapped would only reduce any chance they have of living normally and/or getting better. 

	Score: 405
		Δ  Thank you for your well thought out response. You, as well as others, have pointed out the fact of pre-existing conditions, leading up to an individual becoming obese. This has changed a portion on my view of the situation. Thank you!

	Score: 312
		It may be incorrect to automatically assume ALL overweight people have a handicap parking spot due to obesity.  Plenty of health issues, injuries or medical conditions aren’t immediately visible to the casual eye.  The obesity could be entirely unrelated to the root cause of that individual getting a handicap permit. 

	Score: 189
		Have you considered that many of these people are not handicapped because they are obese, but rather obese because they are handicapped?

	Score: 121
		obese people aren't obese because they have shorter walks into malls and grocery stores.  Taking away a handicap pass isn't going to get them healthier, but it may prevent them from safely getting to places  they need to get to.  I understand that a good portion of morbid obesity is self inflicted, but even self inflicted disorders usually have some aspect that is out of the person's control.  Do you really think all of those people just simply like food so much they are rationally trading that for their ability to walk 20 yards without becoming winded?  Often there is some addiction or depression or other factors that have caused them to make this decision.  Even if you reject that, I would argue that very few people set out to intentionally get morbidly obese.  they overindulged and got overweight, then exercise became difficult due to compromised heart or lungs, ankle pain, or other medical conditions, which exacerbated their issue.   Would you also take away handicap permits from skaters who had a tragic fall off a half pipe and broke their leg?  This was just as much if not more so self inflicted.  They knew the risk, but the enjoyment they got doing the dangerous activity was considered worthwhile to them.  surely they had plenty of other smaller falls before even getting to a half pipe.  They knew the chance of injury was real and had experienced bigger and bigger falls as they continued their lifestyle.  They had seen friends and others in their sport have these sort of injuries, so claiming the injury was unexpected doesn't hold up.  Also, breaking your leg results in other medical issues being a bigger concern just like obesity.  Some might have a bad enough fall they are paralyzed and will never walk again, but they knew the risk each time they tried a big jump.   So where do we draw the line on who gets a handicap permit?  I am all for preventing abuse of the permits, but in the end, it is a about allowing people equal access to services and isn't about shaming people who made bad choices. 

	Score: 87
		Walking the extra 100 feet into the store isn't going to solve someone being 400 lbs.  If losing weight was that simple, they wouldn't weigh 400 lbs.  I understand the resentment, but I don't see what it would actually solve to tell these people that they didn't have a real handicap.  A self-inflicted handicap is still a handicap.  They give those out to pregnant women, too, if they're having considerable trouble moving around, and that was pretty self-inflicted, too.

	Score: 81
		I think you're also overlooking the reverse cause - it's very common for people with chronic injuries to gain weight.  Plenty of people get injured or suffer chronic pain, can't exercise in the way they could, don't have the time and energy to carefully monitor their diet, and subsequently put on weight.  Also, a 300 pound person walking a full mile (5280 feet) will burn 160 calories, or around 2/3rds of the calories in a snickers bar.  Say they park 100 feet further away, and have a full day of shopping where they go to 8 stores.  That's 1600 feet, or about 50 calories.  Weight loss/gain happens in the kitchen, not in the gym.  Finally, if someone has mobility issues sufficient that a doctor is willing to sign off on a handicapped placard, *regardless of the cause*, they should be allowed to use handicapped spaces.  A doctor is more qualified to judge a valid medical reason than you or I are.

	Score: 71
		There are some conditions that can make it more difficult for people to be a healthy weight this is true but there is no condition that I'm aware of that could push someone into being morbidly obese to the point of becoming handicapped aside from perhaps a mental illness like an eating disorder.

	Score: 62
		This. The obesity may even be a result of that disability. 

	Score: 60
		What would the point be? These people genuinely have mobility issues in all cases. There's a reason that I, as an overweight 24 yo, do not need nor have any handicap benefits. The reason is that my weight isn't super high, and I have no mobility issues. The only time they issue these permits is when people genuinely have difficulty walking and whatnot. 

	Score: 57
		1. If the weight issue is "easily corrected" then why on earth there is a massive industry of methods to lose weight? This industry would not exist, if losing weight was like turning a light switch. 2. "no fault of their own". If we take this approach, should all the handicap placards be given to people who can prove 100% that their injury or illness had nothing to do with their own actions? If someone is in wheelchair due to a car accident, they have to prove that their own driving had nothing to do with the accident.  3. Why does it matter, whose fault the handicap is? Don't you think that the handicap itself is enough punishment for people who have caused their own mobility issue and we (the rest of society) don't need to punish them even more by forcing them to park far away from the store? I don't think anyone would voluntary want to trade their ability to walk normally to a handicap placard. 

	Score: 49
		I'm in the camp that is critical of obesity-acceptance movements, and am working to lose weight myself, but I am still confused by the hypocrisy on the approach to obesity as a disability.  Do other diseases caused by bad decisions deserve less care? Like, if someone has a bad heart from drugs or eating like shit, should they not be allowed to have a pacemaker in spite? Or if someone loses their legs to doing something absolutely stupid and reckless, should they be denied prosthetics? Should people who overdose on drugs not be revived due to their OD being a result of their own stupidity?   Obesity isn't any different. it just happens to be the one we equate with our beauty standards, thus the nonsensical stigma. And honestly, maybe if we'd consider obesity a disability more in culture, people would be less willing to glamorize it.

	Score: 46
		Not smoking is just as easy as putting down the cigarette.

	Score: 40
		isnt this just another way to state the same false dichotomy though? the line of what makes a person 'morbidly obese' is fuzzy as is the line between having control and not. Differentiating and applying blame to the myriad factors that one has control over (intake of food, choice of food, exercise etc) and the ones that a person doesnt (genetics, underlying disease, access to help) gets really difficult when you look closely.   IMHO the takeaway here shouldnt be that we need a more nuanced definition of a persons blameworthiness over their weight but instead we should ask ourselves why in the heck that matters. If the only reason we care about why a person is overweight is to say they dont deserve access to handicapped benifits then I think we are missing the point. We should instead focus on ways to reduce the need for that handicap designation in the first place. 

	Score: 39
		So following your logic, if an ex-smoker has severely reduced lung function where walking longer distances is potentially life threatening, should they be denied a handicap pass?

	Score: 37
		> It may be incorrect to automatically assume ALL overweight people have a handicap parking spot due to obesity.  I think it's worth pointing out that in general, it is probably incorrect to assume you have any idea whether or not someone having a handicap tag/sticker is legitimate. My girlfriend doesn't look like a candidate for one--she is skinny, young-ish looking (especially for 37), and may walk just fine or a little slow.   But she has a connective tissue disorder, chronic pain, arthritis, fybro, and it doesn't take much for her knees or hips to get worse, or even for her hip to get out of place with too much walking. Having a handicap tag looks suspect when she goes somewhere, but if it's the difference between walking a little and being sort of ok, or walking a lot and spending 2 days with ice on her hips because she had to park way away from somewhere, she needs to use the tag.   Fortunately we are in a small town, so it is not used here a lot. There is often parking near a building or store. It is more for when we travel. 

	Score: 35
		Why do you think handicap people in general obtain handicap placards?

	Score: 34
		Listen here. I'm usually an analytical, logical guy, but this view point disguised as a critical though exercise irks me. So here is my attempt to change you for good.   They already have it tough. People who are morbidly obese CLEARLY have some issues that they are not in control of. The result is they have a life that is much more difficult from a health and societal standpoint, period.   Even in the event that they are at fault, we should still help them. We already have systems in place for others with disabilities. The large fixed cost to assist these people has already been paid.   It takes so little to help improve the lives of these people from a societal cost point, why shouldn't we. Where is your compassion?

	Score: 34
		So what? They still *have* mobility issues. Handicapped parking is for handicapped people, not handicapped-but-only-if-it-was-an-accident.

	Score: 34
		> accepting the fact that because a certain person has a certain medical condition that CAN cause weight gain, makes letting themselves become obese, OK  That's missing the point though.   I think there's a reductive separation of medical condition and choice of life style. My experience is that a medication can cause chemical imbalances in your body that can halt weight loss and cause gain. An assumption that someone is CHOOSING to let themselves become obese is ignorant of what can happen in your body.



CMV: Obese/Morbidly obese people should have to purchase a second plane ticket when they cannot physically fit in their allocated seat.
=======================================

	Score: 1261
		Why shouldn't we hold airlines accountable for shrinking the size of seats, so that, by your reckoning, 70% of passengers don't fit into them?  https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/jul/29/incredible-shrinking-airline-seat-us-court-says-seat-size-a-safety-issue

	Score: 899
		I tried to buy an extra seat on a United flight once and couldn't do it online. The was no place to mark the seat as empty and I had to put in passenger info. So I called and was told I could only do it over the phone and there was an 80 dollar phone service fee. I said that was ridiculous and eventually got them to waive the fee. Then I found out when I go to check in that the person on the phone didn't book the 2 seats together. The flight was full at this point and I couldn't move them myself. I had to call back and go through a really embarrassing phone call with multiple people who couldn't understand the issue. Finally they resolved in. Then when I went to get my boarding passes, zero people at United knew what to do with the extra seat boarding pass. It was an absolutely awful experience trying to follow their customer of size rule and I will never do it again.  Edit: to clarify I couldn't put my name on both seats when purchasing the tickets, the website won't allow it. Also I had to check in the extra seat or it might have been given to a standby.  Edit 2: oh I forgot, when I went to check in (which I couldn't do ahead of time because of the seat selection fiasco) I went straight to the desk agent and said "I'm going to have a problem, can you help me?" and they immediately sent me to the kiosk where I had a problem and couldn't check in, so I ended up back at the same person who had to call a supervisor to figure out how to check in the extra seat. I'm just venting at this point, what a clusterfuck that was... I was flying to a funeral too which made everything better. 

	Score: 366
		Thank you for sharing this! I honestly was not aware, I couldn't find if this article was solely about US airlines. Do you know if it is a worldwide change? 

	Score: 325
		Thank you all for your very valued and valid replies. While my view hasn't been completely changed, I've definitely taken on board a lot of things I'd never considered before. I don't think I'll be as annoyed(?) next time I fly and am put in that position! Perspective change? Definitely. Thanks reddit! 

	Score: 258
		I understand that it's uncomfortable for you (and presumably for them as well), but I would suggest that a better solution would be for the seats to be wider. As the population has grown bigger, the seats have actually [been shrinking](http://www.foxnews.com/travel/2017/07/31/incredible-shrinking-airline-seat-forces-faa-to-reconsider-regulating-seat-size.html). This makes planes cramped and leads to situation like the one you have been experiencing. With wider seats, larger people would not need to buy two tickets even if it's a bit tight for them.  Simply returning to the previous size would probably not be quite enough but it would be a start.  I don't think their paying for two seats would work so well. Once I was in France with my husband (who is a big fella himself, as well as 6'6", so plane trips aren't fun for him) and had my passport stolen while on the way to the airport for the trip back. My husband had work the next day and ended up having to fly without me. I tried to cancel my ticket but wasn't allowed to.  So my husband flew with an empty seat next to him, having paid for two seats. Or at least the seat was empty at takeoff. People kept asking to be moved to that empty seat since nobody was in there, and even though he had paid for both seats, someone else ended up in one of them.  I can imagine the same thing would happen, with people complaining and wanting to use the empty seats and being upset that bigger people get so much room (even though they paid double). Not that I understand that reaction.  On top of that, if people travel with others, the size is not necessarily an issue. I don't have a problem with my husband taking some of my seat because I don't take the whole width anyway and he's my husband, being close to him is fine with me. If it were enforced, I wouldn't be able to sit next to him anymore, or if I did we'd be leaving a completely empty seat somewhere else that we had to pay for. Planes are already overbooked enough, people wouldn't be so happy that they were bumped off a flight because of an empty seat.  And how would it be enforced anyway? Would you have to state your weight when you buy a plane ticket? I always buy mine online. What if people don't report the right weight and only buy one ticket, then what? What's the line when they're told "oh, sorry sir, looking at you I can see you should have bought two seats. I guess you're not flying today".  I mean, it just doesn't seem practical to me. (And of course it's making people pay a different price based on their size, which is in large part genetic, with all the nasty implications that go with it).

	Score: 252
		I don't know but I would suspect it is worldwide.  The issue comes from two directions. In the US, at least, the average person is much heavier, and therefore wider, than they were a couple decades ago. At the same time, seats have gotten some 10% narrower.    Clearly, if the seats were 10 inches wide, no one would fit.  So that would be unreasonable.  If the airlines can't accommodate the average person's width, I would think they share a good deal of the blame, because isn't that pretty unreasonable too?

	Score: 237
		I'm an aerospace engineer. The cost to fly should be calculated by seat(s) occupied AND by weight (person plus baggage) due to the fact that fuel costs are one of the biggest expenses for airlines. But no, we can't do that, it would be shaming or discriminatory somehow.. additionally having an accurate weight and seating chart would allow the airline to balance the aircraft better, which would reduce trim drag leading to lower fuel consumption and cost.

	Score: 210
		It's worth noting that Southwest takes a different approach from just about everyone else: they allow folks more than 17" wide to indicate that when they buy their ticket, and Southwest plans for that flight to include a complimentary extra seat, and that passenger boards early.  No extra charge, everyone's comfortable, and it seems to work for Southwest as a company, too.  https://www.southwest.com/html/customer-service/extra-seat/?clk=GFOOTER-CUSTOMER-COS  (Edited for typos)

	Score: 177
		Im sorry it ended up that way for you and it is very nice that you tried to be considerate to others.

	Score: 165
		I'm tall and my shoulders are wider than every seat I have ever flown on. It's super uncomfortable for me and the person next to me, but there's sweet fuck all I can do about it. Losing weight won't make my "shoulderspan" any less. And I've flown all kinds of worldwide airlines and it's the same so yes, it's a worldwide money scam.  Don't even get me started on leg room. When I see a 5 foot nothing person in that coveted exit row I always contemplate murder.

	Score: 122
		[This man](https://www.inc.com/chris-matyszczyk/an-overweight-man-bought-two-plane-tickets-for-himself-then-he-says-the-airline-.html) did exactly that, and his extra ticket was sold out from under him. Why would a person spend money on extra ticket that they may not be able to use?

	Score: 118
		>  I would suggest that a better solution would be for the seats to be wider. As the population has grown bigger, the seats have actually been shrinking. This makes planes cramped and leads to situation like the one you have been experiencing.  > Planes are already overbooked enough, people wouldn't be so happy that they were bumped off a flight because of an empty seat.  Two good points which I didn't know or hadn't considered. ∆  Now that I think about it, I'm reminded of a [story](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/dr-gridlock/wp/2017/07/05/united-accidentally-gave-a-toddlers-seat-away-and-made-his-mom-hold-him-for-a-3-hour-flight/) in the news a few months ago, where a United flight was overbooked, a mother with a toddler were seated and ready for departure when a man showed up with a (standby) ticket for the same seat number, and he threw a fit. The flight attendant made the mother travel with her toddler alternating between standing on the ground between her legs or sitting on her lap (not the same as an infant - a 2-year old is half the height of an adult!), even though she paid equal prices ~$1,000 for each ticket, for a 3.5 hour flight. Which is not safe or legal seeing as the child has no seatbelt. I imagine that similar issues would happen if large people were made to buy two seats and someone else got booted off due to over-booking. 

	Score: 114
		Yeah just to double down on the other reply, if someone changed your view (even in a minor way!) please give them a delta.  It's nearly impossible to change someone's view so drastically that they think the opposite of their original point.   It's part of what makes the subreddit great 

	Score: 94
		With small exceptions, seats have not been getting narrower. Leg room has decreased but the most common plane—a Boeing 737–is six seats across and has been since the day it was introduced 50 years ago. The one that has gotten narrower is the 777 which was usually 9 across when introduced (2-5-2 or 3-3-3 seating) and is now commonly 10 across in 3-4-3 format. The study that is always cited for shrinking seat width has no evidence to support it. 

	Score: 93
		You seem to miss the point that the average person is wider.  That is the size that we are, we are not "smaller" than we are.  Airlines have decided on an *arbitrary* seat size which by OPs view is too small for the average passenger. That is unreasonable.

	Score: 89
		Most people who are obese are fully aware of the discomfort they bring others while flying. I know for myself, I worry about it for weeks before I even fly. I try to book on days that airplanes are not as full or I purchase an upgrade to First Class when I can to make the impact of my weight less on others. There are many things that could and should be done but ultimately my weight is my responsibility and I need to be proactive about not affecting others.  I have tried buying two seats but have had the seat sold anyway because an actual person wasn't sitting there or ended up with the phone nightmare similar to the person's above.  This makes it difficult to do what you're asking for because the airlines policies and regulations don't always make it easy for you to purchase two seats for one person . There is not a one size fits all solution to this issue and airlines stuffing as many people as they can in an airplane doesn't help.  Either way I am still ultimately responsible for me so I avoid flying when possible for this very reason.

	Score: 64
		>confirm with them first  That will be $80, please.  

	Score: 59
		If everyone could get their feelings out of the way of my raw efficiency that'd be great. 

	Score: 48
		I'm the same height and even a few pounds lighter. I haven't fit comfortably in a US domestic flight in the last decade. There's zero extra room in the seat and I'm often forced to squeeze into a corner of the seat to sit at an angle so my legs fit. International flights are about a million times better though.  I'm just happy I'm not a woman, because hips. 

	Score: 39
		Mexican here. We have had  earthquakes, drug cartels, police corruption, government corruption, a murderous president, but I'll be fucking damned if our airlines ever do that. Our laws are strict.  Simply put, your airlines are stealing from you, and your congress lets them. Contact your representative and tell them to do something about it.   



CMV: Libertarians should be as concerned about super rich individuals and Big Corporations as they are about Big Government
=======================================

	Score: 547
		Another distinction is, let's consider Wal-Mart or Shell Oil. Those companies are enormous. However, they do not have the authority to start arresting people. That is a key difference - generally speaking, the state still holds the monopoly on ~~violence.~~ (save special cases of defending life and property)  _edit: ArtfulDodger55 has pointed out that "violence" is too broad a concept, and instead the term of art is "the legitimate use of physical force."_  If I don't want to pay Wal-Mart anymore, I can shop somewhere else, or grow my own food. If I don't want to pay the government anymore, they will lock me up.   I admit that the details end up being more complicated than that, but that is the general picture.  _edit2: a number of replies have suggested that a libertarian would want no government. It was my understanding that libertarianism still implies a government, albeit a limited one. A hard no-government belief would be anarchism, for which a strong subculture exists._

	Score: 255
		> In modern times, they are the ones who actually run the government. They use lobbying and funding to control and push their agendas, to pass highly unethical laws that consolidate and promote their own self interests. They own the politicians.  I think in a way you're answering your own question.   The reason megacorporations hold so much power isn't necessarily because they have money, but because they influence the government that gives them that power.   They can influence regulations so they are advantageous to themselves. They can influence tax policy.  They can use their own power to create their own monopolies.  Everyone complains about the lack of choice when it comes to ISPs: sure, if you're lucky you may be able to choose between cable, dsl and FIOS.... but there's still only one company that offers each.  That's because government put them in that position through subsidies and tax breaks.   And you see that everywhere. Walmart gets huge tax breaks to move in to town.   Hell, Amazon is basically asking cities to [bend over and take it](https://www.geekwire.com/2017/race-bottom-amazon-stirs-debate-soliciting-tax-credits-second-headquarters/) to have the 'honor' of hosting their new HQ.   > Amazon’s request for proposals lists a number of factors the company will consider when selecting the location for what it’s calling “HQ2” — including tax credits and exemptions, relocation and workforce grants, utility incentives, and fee reductions.  ...     which only will allow Amazon to continue to grow on the taxpayer dime.  If government wouldn't (or, more appropriately, *couldn't*) do this, the Amazons of the world would have a much harder time taking form.  Basically:  shrink the government and reduce the power it yields, and you automatically cut the megacorporations off at the knees.  If it's still a problem it can be addressed, but the number one problem is government itself. 

	Score: 243
		The part that American Libertarians don't get is that government, and therefore military and police forces were born and currently function as an apparatus OF the wealthy elites. It took me three years as a sapper in Iraq to figure that out. Would I have ended up there if not for the military industrial complex, especially Cheney and his Halliburton cronies?   EDIT: I've Googled my Googler raw (to the point of running late to a meeting) trying to provide a source for my claim about the Independent Medical Examiner (whose name I can't recall) I was sent to by the VA as being owned by Halliburton or one of their subsidiaries. It's quite possible I got some bad info, and also possible I got my wires crossed and am remembering incorrectly, so I took that part of my comment down, which would have provided some thrust to my position. I'll ask around in the next day or so and try and find the connection and will post it if I can find it. If not, I apologize for my poor judgement in making an assertion I couldn't immediately back up with data. Also, credit to u/saudiaramcoshill for challenging my assertion and encouraging me to find a source!  EDIT: FOUND IT!!! The company that provides PTSD exams for veterans at the behest of the VA is QTC, which isn't owned by Halliburton as I thought I'd recalled- it's owned by Lockheed Martin, which is almost as bad. Here's a [.gov link to the official contracts listing LM as the owner of QTC](https://www.fpds.gov/ezsearch/fpdsportal?s=FPDS&q=VA79812J0001+3600++VENDOR_FULL_NAME%3A"QTC+MEDICAL+SERVICES%2C+INC."+REF_IDV_PIID%3A"VA79811D0003"&indexName=awardfull&templateName=1.4.3)

	Score: 164
		Hmm that might hold true for some megacorps. And heck, we also have examples like Bill Gates and Warren Buffet who are spending all their billions to do good.  But I feel that the more dominant examples are those of corporations and people misusing their power and monetary clout. They are buying politicians, spilling oil and chemicals and pollution in the air and water bodies that other people consume, are controlling the media and fashioning world view into their own vision of bigotry and extremism.  I am not a doom and gloom person but rationally speaking, I see more examples of this kind of power abuse. By both corporations and individuals.

	Score: 89
		Libertarians tend to be quite concerned with large corporations acting in monopolistic fashion and exerting influence over government. Free markets demand competition and artificial barriers to entry are the antithesis of that.

	Score: 81
		While it's true that corporations and the elite rich do have way too much influence in government and policy, we can only blame them to some extent. I highly recommend The Law, a short (50 pages or so if I remember?) book by Frédéric Bastiat, for a detailed explanation of why I'm saying this. To boil it down way too much, though - The root of the problem is government showing that it's willing and able to play around in the economy by making laws that benefit one group at the expense of another group - whether it be benefitting the poor vs. rich with a safety net, rich vs. poor with corporate welfare, coal miners vs. solar panel workers with subsidies, sugar farmers with high tariffs on imported sugar, taxi drivers vs. everyone else by legally entrenching the taxi industry against newcomers like Uber, etc etc. As soon as that can of worms is opened, it's all bets off as everyone can vote, lobby, donate, run TV ads, etc., to try to get their own particular interest represented and get government tax breaks, subsidies, and laws that benefit their own particular band of people (at the expense of everyone who doesn't fit into their group). At that point, it only makes sense to try to fight to get the best deal. Poor people do it, workers in particular industries do it, homeowners do it... and yes, the rich do it.  Saying the rich shouldn't jockey for a better deal for themselves, when everyone else is doing exactly that, is kinda missing the point. It's a little like blaming the spoiled little kid screaming in a store for half an hour instead of blaming the parents.  The only way to actually completely remove corporate influence in politics would be to return to a system of law that deals only with justice (e.g., murder is wrong, theft is wrong, fraud is wrong) and not with redistributing money (either directly through government checks or indirectly through laws favoring certain groups) to this or that group at the expense of others. 

	Score: 64
		!delta  You make a compelling argument. I especially liked your last line as i think it will be crucial. This will still be a problem with small government. We will still need very strong regulations and oversight and checks to safeguard against abuse of power and excessive wealth. However, a smaller government is certainly the first step to curtail that problem.  To be clear, my argument was not against a small government. I am all for it. My argument was that we should be equally concerned about large corporations and high networth individuals. I haven't changed my mind about that. But I have changed my mind about the fact that a small government will go a long way in making that happen.

	Score: 43
		You're fucked either way. If you make the government so small, the rich will just do whatever they want with impunity. If you don't, they just buy the government.  Seems like having wealthy elites is the bigger problem.

	Score: 42
		> But I feel that the more dominant examples are those of corporations and people misusing their power and monetary clout. They are buying politicians, spilling oil and chemicals and pollution in the air   Don't forget: corporations are entities with *government-granted* legal status and limited liability from wrongdoing. It is the government that protects them from the citizens running them out of business, or making the responsibility for their misdeeds.  Because the government has monopolized the legal framework, citizens are prevented from seeking proper restitution.

	Score: 40
		> The part that American Libertarians don't get is that government, and therefore military and police forces were born and currently function as an apparatus OF the wealthy elites.  No, we get that. Stronger governments have more opportunities to do favors for the wealthy elites. Most libertarians favor a government that protects basic rights and stays out of everything else. When the government took charge of health care, it benefitted the insurance companies. When congress decided to let the president wage war without a constitutional declaration of war, it benefited the military industrial complex. That's not to say that a limited government that only exists to protect basic rights would never favor the rich over the poor, but they have a lot fewer opportunities than the government that is involved with everything. 

	Score: 35
		I don't really think it's true, though. The ways in which corporations take advantage of government influence are mainly to get the government to stop enforcing regulations (either entirely or for the particular corporation).   Corporations aren't, by and large, influencing the government to go and arrest people. Most of the things that big corporations do that are evil (labor abuse, environmental destruction, monopolizing and price gouging, etc), they can do all on their own without the government helping; the role of government is (should be) to tell them that they can't do that shit.  Of course, there are counterexamples (Iraq war for example), but to me having a strong government as a tool to control big corporations is still really important. We just haven't gotten it quite right all the time.

	Score: 35
		Holy cow!!

	Score: 33
		You don't need "very strong regulations and oversight" if private unions are easy to form and are commonplace. That's the libertarian alternative to wasteful, arbitrary one size fits all government regulation. Unfortunately, unions seem to be socialists and support progressives 99% of the time so most libertarians see them as an enemy.  Excessive wealth is not a thing. If I didn't use the government to get rich - if I made it through voluntary transactions - then I provided others a tremendous amount of value in order to get rich. Everyone should get richer! Places like the US where people make lots of money are much nicer than places where there is less "excessive wealth", an essentially Marxist idea.

	Score: 33
		Your last paragraph doesn't follow at all. It's insane to think that the best way to prevent corruption is to *stop legislating* anything other than criminality. We need to make all forms of bribery illegal (large campaign contributions etc) and separate money from politics, and those laws need to be executed by a highly transparent branch of the government to facilitate public trust, but determining what policy the government should be able to consider based on the fact that it might be subject to corruption is just absurd.  By the way, the private prison industry (among others) still has an enormous stake in the laws regarding legal justice, so there's no chance it wouldn't also be subject to the same level of external influence and corruption. Powerful moneyed interests influence *all parts* of the legislative process, and you can't avoid that fact by hamstringing the government and putting your head in the sand.

	Score: 32
		I am a classical liberal.  I want government to be so small that it doesn't matter if big corporations can buy politicians because there isn't any significant power to abuse.    Power will always be abused.  If a "good" politician holds an office of power today, then assume Donald Trump will hold it tomorrow.  Limit the power to limit the damage.

	Score: 26
		From my history studies the US federal government used to be quite small. It also would step in and break up companies when it felt they got too large. So there is already a historical example of this in the US to reference. 

	Score: 26
		And in fact, the reason we even have government regulations at all is because past corporations and business did those exact same business practices.   You think a corporation *wants* to dispose of their waste products cleanly? It's much cheaper to throw it in the river. Or that they *want* to give employees vacation time and benefits and rights? No, it would be much more profit-geared to work a worker dry and replace them with a new one if they quit and dangle the threat of instant termination over their heads to get them to do what they want.  Without the government regulating them, corporations would do all  that and more, and we know because they've done it before.

	Score: 26
		That's not a worthy delta, though.  The government wasn't libertarian, only small, and it's being small didn't make us what we are today.  Rather, it prompted us to correct for how shitty things were back then.  Enacting labor laws, creating unions, growing the government to provide infrastructure, education, etc.  Our strongest point was in the 50s, when a single income could support a household.  And guess what - we had _lots_ of government at that time.  Free education, government created/ran utilities and roads, etc. We've basically been riding those glory days out since then.  But, shit's starting to fall apart.  Our infrastructure, education, health, liberties, etc are all starting to suffer from neglect.  From small government.   A good read on how things were back then is The Jungle, by Upton Sinclair.  If after reading that you think society should revert back to how it was then, then more power to you.  But I kind of doubt you will.  

	Score: 25
		Interesting. The dilemma is how one can safeguard against monopolistic abusive practices by corporations and individuals without having a big government.

	Score: 25
		Are you maybe mistakening " big government" for "powerful government"? Because as far as I understand, Libertarians want a government, powerful enough to withstand lobbyism and prevent monopolies but small in the sense of not being responsible for much more than that.  Edit: neoliberals want that, not Libertarans. Also many neoliberals want the government to take care of alot more, like affordable schooling and health Care, but they still want it smaller than it is now.



CMV: America has been groomed to give Service Members too much "respect"
=======================================

	Score: 407
		I think a lot of it has to do with what happened during Vietnam. Where returning soldiers were spit on and treated with such disrespect by the public as well as being demonized by celebrities. And people realized their errors years later that it wasn't an acceptable way to treat soldiers who were just following orders.  I don't know any soldiers who cringe at being told thank you. But maybe some don't like being told that. It's basically someone just telling you thanks for doing a good job. Who doesn't like praise?  Edit: I know lots of people have said the 'spat on soldiers' is a myth. However we have a lot first hand accounts from vets to this day. Could they be lying? Maybe but what they have to gain after so long? Here is one example of vets describing their treatment when returning. Lots more can be found.  https://youtu.be/X_x2Yl7xW8U 

	Score: 220
		I've had people assume they can just give me a hug. Yeah thank you are nice and thoughtful but as someone who feels enough fulfillment from my work, as well as having great benefits and good pay, and having my education covered...the thank yous have been given when people pay their taxes.   I don't feel it to be necessary, and I respond with "thank you for your support". But I am always uncomfortable. 

	Score: 187
		Soldiers aren't really actually given much respect in this country if they don't conform to a silent archetype with no agency. What is given respect is the concept of the Silent Warfighter, who Does His Duty, and militarism in general.   The people who claim the mantle of The Troops generally loathe actual troops who say anything; remember Rumsfeld's "you go to war with the army you have" quote? Recall that that was precipitated by a soldier asking him for better armor on their humvees, because they were tin-can deathtraps, and troops at the time were literally bolting scrap metal on to have some modicum of protection.  That dude was excoriated in right wing media by the entire commentariat. He, and the Troops being killed by neglect he was speaking for, weren't given any respect.   In the same vein, look at what happens whenever a former or current soldier makes a left-wing political statement; their service is questioned, they're called all sorts of things, they're usually retaliated against. Never mind that if we really Respected The Troops, we wouldn't have such a crisis in mental health treatment for veterans and active duty servicemembers, or a mostly unaddressed rape epidemic against women soldiers and sailors.  We don't Respect the Troops. We respect militarism and violence only, in a frankly pretty fascist way, and that respect goes out the window the second any actual Troop says anything that doesn't accord with that. 

	Score: 161
		Everyone deserves respect. Soldiers get too much unwarranted respect. A soldier who has been to wars opinion on strategy may not be as valuable as someone who has a master's in a related field, but hasn't been to war. 

	Score: 149
		The national anthem is our entire countries anthem. It belongs to everyone. And the kneeling is done because the folded flag of a deceased soldier is handed to a loved one in a kneeling position as a sign of respect and a moment of weakness. The national anthem does not belong to just service members. 

	Score: 146
		I think soldiers deserve a lot of respect, just like people who clean septic tanks. Why? You guys (and gals) have to deal with the kind of shit that the rest of us just wouldn't want to deal with, so we're happy to have you doing it for us. So while I agree that using soldiers as a 'political football' is pretty douchy, we really do appreciate your service. Nothing wrong with that, IMO.

	Score: 127
		But I agree about the Vietnam part. 

	Score: 99
		Tbf, it's often not genuine. The part about Vietnam is that people are thanking soldiers for their service to soothe their own consciences, not to actually comfort the vet. It is virtue signaling, except it is being done right to the person's face.  

	Score: 65
		I'm a vet, too, and I agree with you on almost everything you said. Veteran worship does more harm than good.  Personally, I couldn't care less about the NFL protest, but I do get why people think it's disrespectful. The National Anthem is solely about soldiers fighting for this country. There's literally no other way to look at the song, so I understand that. Also, we don't have to be offended for something to be disrespectful. You could call me an asshole for no reason, and I wouldn't be offended because I don't care. It's still disrespectful, though. Again, I don't care outside of thinking it's more of a publicity stunt than anything. I support their right to do it, and I fully believe they mean no disrespect to the military. I also completely understand why another vet might be offended and why so much of the public considers it disrespectful.

	Score: 62
		I cringe when I see people thank every soldier they see.  Post-draft, I just don't see the reason, hey made a choice to go military just like some do to collect trash or be accountants.  The public seems to think every soldier has had a hard life of war while there are more non-combat roles in our services.  Should we really be interrupting a guy a dinner to thank him for his service when he was just a mail clerk or worked in a motor pool, etc?     From Vietnam on back most of those guys didnt have a choice to go so I do have mad respect, but post-draft, I just can't gush the way so many others do. 

	Score: 57
		For the record I see my spelling and grammar errors, but I do not know how to edit a comment. My apologies all around. 

	Score: 44
		Yeah I am not going to try and change that view.  6 years army. Think the same thing.  I always saw it as just a job, sure maybe you get shot but a cop or shit a meter reader might too.

	Score: 42
		Nailed it. The respect is just lip service. I see injured homeless vets all the time. Not much actual support for those troops.

	Score: 37
		Youre over-thinking the thank you part. In my opinion they make me uncomfortable. But are always appreciated. I do not want or need a thank you. Want to thank someone? Thank my family who sacrifice without much choice. My main concern is people supporting my opinion on matters because I'm a service member and not because my opinions are of solid logic with an informed foundation. I have seen too many people blindly support a soldiers comments or social media posts because "they are a soldier" and if you did a simple Google search you would find out that none of what they posted was even true from the start. 

	Score: 34
		Since this is CMV, let's approach this from a different direction. Your premise   > America has been groomed to give Service Members too much "respect"  Because respect is a subjective definition, let's focus on the first half "America has been groomed ..."  In order for this to be true, it can be read as 'America as compared to other societies ..' I would disagree with this premise. The veneration of the legal authority to coerce through violent means is jammed deep down in our evolutionary psychology. For 95% of homo sapien's existence as a species, the owner of violence has received the most deference (aka respect). Failing to defer to the owner of violence would cause violence to fall upon you and your entire gene pool (see honor culture with its multigenerational blood fueds).  Leaving historical arguments, let's next compare America to other modern societies and governments. there's dictatorship and autocracy where entry into the military is the only means of obtaining power other than by hereditary right (see North Korea, Saudi, Syria). A bit more liberal, you have the military junta where there is a veneer of civilian authority (see Myanmar, many subsaharan African nations). Slightly more liberal, single party states (Russia and China). Any state that does not derive it's power via a grant from the people, must place the military above the demos, and by definition the civilians have been 'groomed more to respect Service Members'.  Even among fully liberal democracies/republics, there are fully functioning states where military service is held in respect higher than in the US. Service may be required by conscription and failing to serve is a mark of disgrace/cowardice (such as Isreal). Certain states make austentatious displays of military power (Eg. France because of the National Guard's position as the defender of natural rights).  How else is the US unique in not comparatively "respecting" the military. 'Civilian control** - this is an extremely important philosophical choice. It has its drawbacks when it comes to Sec Def's that rotate every year or two while the brass remain. But it forever and always keeps the military below the people. It's also less common that you would think.  There are also governments that respect service less. Examples are countries without militaries Costa Rica or Japan (for now) are good examples. Germany has also looked deep into its soul post-WW2 and recognized the danger of military ambitions.  So yes, there's a nationalistic element that boosts the military with symbols and car magnets. But it has become part of the culture wars more than anything else. Similarly, IMO, as a society the US is probably too militaristic and defers too heavily to the opinions of the military/service members - especially in comparison to other Western powers. But the purpose of this post was a CMV.  TL;DR America has not be groomed on a comparative basis to historical and modern societies.

	Score: 34
		[removed]

	Score: 34
		I can't speak for him or for you. But perhaps hearing the same line over and over feel disingenuous? It's how I feel about 'I'm sorry' although it doesn't stop me from saying it myself.

	Score: 31
		I get the idea behind this CMV, as an Army Infantryman.   I think the issue is more that Americans, on the whole, cannot compartmentalize emotions at all. It should be seen as an honorable action to serve the country, but not all the people doing it are honorable.  There is a disconnect where people think they must like you for one specific reason or hate you because of something like your political opinion.  The issue is that we need to think critically about the difference between the action of serving the country and the person doing the serving.  Take Bowe Bergdahl, who is currently awaiting trial for desertion and misbehavior before the enemy. His initial act of joining was great, his actions were not. We should treat everything like that.  Anyone in a good position can be bad.

	Score: 25
		Underneath each one of your comments is a little grey _edit_ button. Click that, make your changes, click _save_.

	Score: 24
		Totally agree with you.  I wish more people would stop and consider what US servicemembers are fighting for, especially with occupation of Afghanistan and Iraq.  Most people bemoan acting as world police, yet most continue to praise servicemembers for defending their freedom.  Everyone that joins the military is at least a tiny bit responsible for continuing the US' war economy.  I say this as a vet myself.  When I enlisted I just thought of the adventure of being in the Army, with no real regard for the impact of continuing to feed the machine.  If people stopped joining, stopped providing the manpower to the military (and contractors, manufacturers, and distributors--any organization that feeds or benefits from the mil/industrial complex), we may finally begin to see a shift in priorities in the US.  I'm not saying all servicemembers are fools or Nazis or whatever, I'm saying they share some responsibility for the nation's foreign policy simply by signing up, and that people should consider if they really want to support those policies.  Just as buying Nike shoes quietly supports child labor.  Basically I want to see a boycott on interventionism that is based on anything close to "makes the US $$$," and one of the best ways to do that is to limit the number of bodies the US can pull from



CMV: America is not exceptional bastion of freedom anymore
=======================================

	Score: 516
		>What freedoms Americans have that rest of the developed world does not? Speech? Nope.   The U.S. actually does have more free speech than some of the countries you listed.   For example, France has laws against hate speech and holocaust denial. Positive presentation of drugs is also illegal in France. 

	Score: 283
		> An example: Freedom of movement in nature. In Nordic countries (where I am from) everyone can go to public forests and hang around there, making camp, picking up berries and mushrooms or firewood, and as long as you do not disturb others or nature, it is your right to be there. As I am aware, this is not a thing in USA, but very much a basic freedom here in Nordic countries. If there is a forest or a hill, you are allowed to go there and stay. No one will threaten to shoot you for doing so.  You can absolutely do this in the US. Most US states have large areas set aside as public lands and parks. You can generally hunt, hike, camp, watch birds, fish, pick mushrooms and berries, and so on. Depending the specific reserve there maybe additional rules, but public land usage is a big part of our culture.    > n USA this is only theoretical possibility. Like in some former communist countries, where you could vote, but if you did not vote the party favored candidate, you vote did not actually matter and your candidate did not get elected.  A number of independent candidates have been elected to national and state offices that have ran as independents. I'll agree it isn't as prevalent as it should be, but not impossible.   > What freedoms Americans have that rest of the developed world does not? Speech? Nope. Religion? No-no. I can only think of that your laws about carrying guns are more lenient than elsewhere. But many countries have freedoms Americans do not.  US is generally more lenient on freedom of speech, libel laws, and religious freedom than Western Europe. 

	Score: 272
		[deleted]

	Score: 198
		Also, what clothing you can wear in public. The burqa ban, if brought to the US, would be shot down instantly for infringing on the first amendment right to free expression.  

	Score: 166
		Arizona is about 80% federal land that you can camp or hike all you want (It's a larger area than most countries). Only land you can't go into is fenced private property.   That's not really loss of freedom to say people can't go onto my property without my permission. The owner of the land should have the freedom to express who they would like to go on their land and who they do not want to go onto their property.

	Score: 129
		>Some countries view spewing hateful rhetoric as a form of abuse, and I kinda concur. And abuse is illegal, just like beating someone is.   Unfortunately, if you give your government the power to legislate speech, even of a hateful flavor, it can be used as a precedent for censorship under an authoritarian ruler. Being able to use the words we want to use is important to many Americans, so we're willing to let the hateful people expose themselves through their rhetoric and then take action as a society, instead of having the government handle it.  >But just because you do not accept beating people does not mean you are less free than country that accepts beating people (or does it, hmm?).   I think accepts is poor word choice here. We're not talking about fostering a culture where shouting slurs at people with more melanin than you is normal. We're just saying the government shouldn't be in control of this.  >Someone having a right to beat people excludes the right of others to not be beaten.   Should people have a right to not be slurred at, though? How does a policy like that get enforced? What kind of evidence is required to bring forth a verbal abuse charge? There's a huge gap between punishing physical actions and punishing provacative speech.

	Score: 108
		>You can absolutely do this in the US. Most US states have large areas set aside as public lands and parks. You can generally hunt, hike, camp, watch birds, fish, pick mushrooms and berries, and so on. Depending the specific reserve there maybe additional rules, but public land usage is a big part of our culture.  If you are talking about natural parks and stuff like that, that is a separate thing. That is setting aside a part of land for people to roam, but not land in general and by default being something where anyone can roam. That is like saying prisoners are free, they can travel as much as they want within the borders of the prison. Maybe a bad comparison, but you get the difference.   I googled the right term and it is freedom to roam. Americans don't seem to have that, at least in the capacity Nordic countries have.   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freedom_to_roam

	Score: 108
		The question is who decides what is hate speach? 

	Score: 95
		Ah ok, I think I see what you mean now. So if I have a plot of land with a wooded area on it, anyone can generally pass through or pitch a tent for a couple nights? What about my freedom to determine how I want to utilize my property? 

	Score: 92
		The US was not, by any stretch of the imagination the first democracy.  I mean Iceland was 1000 years before the US was discovered, the UK, Australia etc all became a democracy before the US.  The US became a fully fledged democracy in 1965.   What he was talking about with the right to roam, is that the land may be privately owned, but you still have the right to roam over it. 

	Score: 91
		This is a wonderful topic that I've spent a good amount of time researching deeply into in a historical-law manner.  Prepare to do a lot reading (all well sourced!!!).  The States (groups of People) of the united states took sovereignty upon themselves from the King of England, and for a short while escaped the clutches of [The Crown Empire](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2011/oct/31/corporation-london-city-medieval), renowned for their methods of money manipulation, as explained by Ben Franklin during his examination by the British Parliament in February 1766 (as published 1813 in “The Examination of Benjamin Franklin” in The Parliamentary History of England from the Earliest Period to the Year 1803):  > "When questioned why Parliament had lost respect among the people of the Colonies, he answered: “To a concurrence of causes: the restraints lately laid on their trade, by which the bringing of foreign gold and silver into the Colonies was prevented; the prohibition of making paper money among themselves, and then demanding a new and heavy tax by stamps; taking away, at the same time, trials by juries, and refusing to receive and hear their humble petitions”.  The supreme court of the early days laid out the lawful explanation of what occurred during the revolution, that the People of the united states had taken the position of sovereign, that is that they are the source of all law (Supreme Court of 1793: Chisholm v. Georgia 2 U.S. 419):  > "To the Constitution of the United States, the term SOVEREIGN, is totally unknown. There is but one place where it could have been used with propriety. But even in that place, it would not, perhaps, have comported with the delicacy of those who ordained and established that Constitution. They might have announced themselves "SOVEREIGN" people of the United States. But serenely conscious of the fact, they avoided the ostentatious declaration."  > "From the Crown of Great Britain, the sovereignty of their country passed to the people of it, and it was then not an uncommon opinion that the unappropriated lands, which belonged to that Crown, passed not to the people of the Colony or States within whose limits they were situated, but to the whole people; on whatever principles this opinion rested, it did not give way to the other, and thirteen sovereignties were considered as emerged from the principles of the Revolution, combined with local convenience and considerations; the people nevertheless continued to consider themselves, in a national point of view, as one people; and they continued without interruption to manage their national concerns accordingly; afterwards, in the hurry of the war and in the warmth of mutual confidence, they made a Confederation of the States the basis of a general government. Experience disappointed the expectations they had formed from it, and then the people, in their collective and national capacity, established the present Constitution. It is remarkable that, in establishing it, the people exercised their own rights, and their own proper sovereignty, and, conscious of the plenitude of it, they declared with becoming dignity, "We the people of the United States, do ordain and establish this Constitution." Here we see the people acting as sovereigns of the whole country, and, in the language of sovereignty, establishing a Constitution by which it was their will that the State governments should be bound, and to which the State Constitutions should be made to conform. Every State Constitution is a compact made by and between the citizens of a State to govern themselves in a certain manner, and the Constitution of the United States is likewise a compact made by the people of the United States to govern themselves as to general objects in a certain manner."  > "Suffice it at present to say that another principle, very different in its nature and operations, forms, in my judgment, the basis of sound and genuine jurisprudence; laws derived from the pure source of equality and justice must be founded on the CONSENT of those whose obedience they require. The sovereign, when traced to his source, must be found in the man."  This is further confirmed by other supreme courts of that era:   > Vanhorne v. Dorrance, 2 US 304 - Supreme Court 1795   > The Constitution is the work or will of the People themselves, in their original, sovereign, and unlimited capacity. Law is the work or will of the Legislature in their derivative and subordinate capacity. The one is the work of the Creator, and the other of the Creature. The Constitution fixes limits to the exercise of legislative authority, and prescribes the orbit within which it must move. In short, gentlemen, the Constitution is the sun of the political system, around which all Legislative, Executive and Judicial bodies must revolve. Whatever may be the case in other countries, yet in this there can be no doubt, that every act of the Legislature, repugnant to the Constitution, is absolutely void.  A latter work in a legal dictionary (A Dictionary of Law William C. Anderson 1889 pg. 960) summarizes this neatly:  >SOVEREIGNTY The public authority which orders and directs what is to be done by each member of a political community in relation to the purposes of the association. The supreme power which governs the body politic or society that constitutes the state. The exercise of, or right to exercise, supreme power, dominion, or sway ; as applied to a-State, the right to exercise supreme power, dominion, or authority. In international law, the uncontrolled exclusive exercise of the powers of a state, q. V. ; that is, both of the power of entering into relations with other states, and of the power of governing its own subjects.   >The sovereign or supreme power in every state resides in the people. Blackstone supposes the jura summi imperii, or the right of sovereignty, to reside in those hands in which the exercise of the power of making laws is placed. Our simple and more reasonable idea is that the government is a mere agency established by the people for the exercise of those powers which reside in them. The powers of government are not, in strictness, granted, but delegated powers. They are then trust powers, and may be revoked. It results that no portion of sovereignty resides in government.   Thus, in my own words, the United States government, and all governments serving the States, are inferior organizations to the People, and are absolutely subservient to the People, and that all lawful power rests in and and is derived from the People of the united states, and not, in any way whatsoever, from the governments which serve them. All government powers are delegated from the People, and the People are the absolute top level authority.  This is additionally backed by the modern [Washington Government constitution](https://app.leg.wa.gov/rcw/default.aspx?cite=42.56.030):  > RCW 42.56.030 > Construction. > The people of this state do not yield their sovereignty to the agencies that serve them. The people, in delegating authority, do not give their public servants the right to decide what is good for the people to know and what is not good for them to know. The people insist on remaining informed so that they may maintain control over the instruments that they have created. This chapter shall be liberally construed and its exemptions narrowly construed to promote this public policy and to assure that the public interest will be fully protected. In the event of conflict between the provisions of this chapter and any other act, the provisions of this chapter shall govern.  And additionally backed by [relatively recently passed legislation](http://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/codes_displaySection.xhtml?lawCode=GOV&sectionNum=54950) by the Republic of California:  >In enacting this chapter, the Legislature finds and declares that the public commissions, boards and councils and the other public agencies in this State exist to aid in the conduct of the people’s business. It is the intent of the law that their actions be taken openly and that their deliberations be conducted openly.  >The people of this State do not yield their sovereignty to the agencies which serve them. The people, in delegating authority, do not give their public servants the right to decide what is good for the people to know and what is not good for them to know. The people insist on remaining informed so that they may retain control over the instruments they have created.  TLDR; the People of the united states are, each and every single one, mutual Kings of the United States, and their government is fundamentally subservient, empowered only via the delegation of the People's powers.  In countries which are democracies, sovereignty does not rest in the people, but instead rests in the electorate; the people of those places are subservient to those they elect.  While this is not provided in light of the points you present, this speaks to the depth of the freedom held by the people of the united states.

	Score: 87
		Women can have their titties free on every beach in France. We just have a better freedom! 

	Score: 86
		People with values like mine, obviously /s

	Score: 78
		A survey of [free speech](https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2016/11/freedom-of-speech-country-comparison/) globally, 2016. The US is the clear leader, so at least in that regard I'd say the US is still acting as a beacon of freedom. Apparently Poland and Spain get really high marks too, which surprises me. Looks like good reading, check it out.  In regards to other measures of freedom, the US does not do as well. For instance, in regards to freedom of movement, the US [locks up](https://www.prisonpolicy.org/global/2016.html) the highest percentage of its population in prisons and jails globally.   Being the "most free" country is a tricky thing to measure. Here is one [attempt](https://freedomhouse.org/report/freedom-world/freedom-world-2016).

	Score: 75
		> It literally is.   It literally is a violation of the land owner's right to use their personal property as they see fit, and that's all. Does absolute freedom encompass the right to murder someone? Because if we take this argument to its logical extreme, that's where we're going.  

	Score: 72
		I think considering the size of the US is important though. Sure, we might not allow people to camp on another's land, but we have massive swathes of land devoted to that. I don't think that's a good qualifier of freedom either, in Nordic countries is the government not essentially saying people *must* allow others to camp on their land? From some people's perspectives that could be seen as the very opposite of freedom, as the government is telling you what to do with your property. There are plenty of other much more obvious ways to qualify freedom, like the others you listed.

	Score: 71
		People are being arrested in the UK for jokes and "hate speech". That doesn't sound like freedom to me.

	Score: 70
		The forest owner is losing privacy: he can't do anything potentially embarrassing/scandalous with his land because anyone might walk by and camp.  He also can't, say, hunt without worrying about potential "visitors."  Also, the idea that you can hike onto land and not damage it at all is ludicrous.

	Score: 69
		That's sacrificing the individual freedom for the group, which is totalitarian in nature. Imagine I was using my laptop in a coffee shop. I set it down and decide to read my book instead. Another person walks up and decides to check their email using my laptop. I might be totally OK with this, and I have the freedom to decide that. If I'd rather someone leave my laptop alone, I also have the freedom to deny them access to it. They're not restricted from having a laptop, they can go and acquire one of their own, or use a public computer that is designated for public use. 

	Score: 61
		The more I look at this, seems like a byproduct of historically not being a lot of publically accessible land in Europe, which isn't really a problem in the US in most areas. 



CMV: If an ISP sells your data, you deserve a cut of the profit.
=======================================

	Score: 381
		The browsing history that they sell is not a personal one based on your computer.  It is a collective block of information on the wok that their routers do.  They are not marking the information you have provided, but merely the actions that their routers are taking while providing that service to you.    In addition, they can just "pay you" by reducing their bill.  Then can then also arbitrarily increase their bill by that amount, like they do every so often from inflation.  A lack of competition means there is no reason for them to do anything else for you, price-wise.  

	Score: 124
		I'm fine with a reduced bill, with a reduction specifically indicating the amount of money I saved as the result of selling my data.

	Score: 106
		[deleted]

	Score: 51
		> they aren't selling my statement  don't be so sure about that. Most credit companies do make use of transaction data for marketing purposes (it was in one of the pieces of paper you got with your card contract). Many of them have a phone number you can call to limit their ability to share some (but not all) of that data

	Score: 40
		And you would pay the exact same in the end, they would mark up the price and your savings would bring it down to what it is now.

	Score: 34
		In the case of the credit card, they aren't selling my statement. They are using my transaction history send me an accurate invoice. It's how the system works, we have a contractual agreement between me and VISA.  I have a contractual agreement with my ISP as well, one that *used* to include provisions against selling my data. Now it's changed so that I no longer have a choice in how my data is used. So long as we're changing the contract between consumers and their ISPs, then consumers should demand compensation.  I'm not asking for all the money - but a portion owed to me and to everyone else. The ISP set up the sale and provided the service on which the data was made, they can take the lion's share. But for consumers to get nothing is **wrong**.    Though I can see how my stance here might not hold up in other areas. I don't think my opinion's changed but this is a particularly challenging comment and it does hit pretty hard. 

	Score: 32
		>My browser history is mine. I made it.   But is it though? I mean you made it using the ISP's service. Like I don't actually know but I mean I'm guessing you can't point to a legal precedent that that data is your's and not the ISP's.

	Score: 30
		They won't reduce your bill, the money they make from selling your data is already incorporated into the current price of your bill. The only logical option would be for them to offer to exclude your data from the data they sell, in exchange for a slight increase to your bill.  Edit: This is also assuming that your supposition that your browsing history belongs to you is correct. I'm not going to argue that point either way, but it's certainly far from a given.

	Score: 22
		It never had that provision against selling your data.  Obama/FCC enacted a rule just before Obama left office, that wouldn't have gone into effect until 2018, and this bill stops that rule from going into effect.  Nothing more.  We're literally in the same situation we've been since Obama took office, and you had no problem with it any of those 8 years.

	Score: 21
		This is arguing a completely separate issue.

	Score: 20
		So what you're saying is you want the company to provide you with a refund for services rendered above their cost to provide said service?  That's called the profit... it's kind of why businesses exist.

	Score: 20
		Gross margins != profit.  Hate on telecoms all you want, there's lots to complain about. But this is blatant ignorance of business & accounting. We all know full well that the main costs of telecoms don't come from sending data over a wire.  They come from maintenance, employee costs, and the hundred other forms of overhead involved in running a company. To pretend a business walks home with 97% profit after all costs are incorporated... it's naive. If the profit margins were that large, we'd see *tons* of players dashing into that industry.

	Score: 19
		Is that really practical though? Ultimately an ISP has lots of things that drive up or down the cost of providing you with service.  You browse a site in APAC so their APAC transit fees go up, they negotiate a new peering relationship that saves them some money on some data transit to Google so you bill goes down, they sell some advertising on their site and your bill goes down, they sell some statistical data about your browsing and your bill goes down.  Personally I think this whole thing is being blown way out of proportion. The data will be anonymised, and if there truly is demand out there for an ISP that doesn't do this then the market will respond and ISP X will form to sell a service where your data is not sold. I'm a big believer in data privacy, but of all the threats to data privacy out there I really don't think this one is significant.

	Score: 17
		You agree to all of their requirements (if they're not against law), when you buy their service.   Your contract (because the fact, that they can sell it if nothing in contract disagrees, is now law) now includes the fact that you're letting them use your history, in addition to paying them for service. If you disagree, then negotiate different contract.

	Score: 16
		Yea - credit card companies absolutely sell this data. They've been doing it for a long time.

	Score: 15
		I mean making something doesn't mean it's yours. And if you give it to the ISP for free then you don't really deserve a share of the profits. 

	Score: 15
		"The market" is only ever going to be able to offer an alternative to data-mining ISPs when the barriers to market entry are realistic. When so many markets are dominated by a single player, it's completely unrealistic for a challenger to come in with new infrastructure and services, especially when you consider the difficulty involved in setting up a new ISP. 

	Score: 15
		[deleted]

	Score: 13
		Yes, you're correct. Your chance of negotiation are zero, but that doesn't change the fact you're giving them permission to sell your history. That's part of the contract. Your permission is the fact that you're agreeing to the contract and using their service, under their conditions.

	Score: 13
		> We're literally in the same situation we've been since Obama took office  *Since the Telecom act of 1996



CMV: Calling out Black Americans for "Acting White" is Racist
=======================================

	Score: 435
		Everything you described sounds like a reasonable reaction for black people in the 1860s, or even the 1960s, with Jim Crow laws still recently on the books in many states.    But it doesn't seem reasonable today, when we just had a popular two term black president, when there is no acceptable form of legal or social racism against black Americans tolerated in the larger society.  

	Score: 353
		So I've thought a bit about how to respond to this, because I don't agree with calling out black people who are just living their lives. So I'm hoping to provide some context behind this mentality and help you understand a bit more about where these people are coming from.  For many black people, mainstream (white) society is seen as something akin to an occupying force rather than something to join and be a part of. Black people were ripped from their homes, societies, cultures and had everything stripped from them by mainstream American culture (and the Atlantic slave trade in general) in order to toil as free labor.  After the slaves were freed, steps were taken to actively prevent black people from participating politically (despite the passage of the 15th amendment) and socially, usually through very violent means. They went from being slaves to sharecroppers with little to no upward mobility or political aspirations.  The black codes that were passed and the Jim Crow laws they evolved into perpetuated the notion that black people were flat out unwelcome in the mainstream society. They were pushed into the fringes of society and the legacy of oppression faced by black people in America has left a very bitter taste in the mouths of many.  So you see, it's not so much that these people think black people all act a certain way, it's that they're calling for a complete rejection of a mainstream culture that they view as outright hostile to them. So hopefully you can see why some people might find this sort of mentality to be understandable. After the Nazi occupation of France the people who collaborated with the Vichy government were chastised for their actions, and the black people who call out others for conforming to mainstream society are coming from a similar place. Throughout the history of black people in America there have been those who slid somewhat easily into that mainstream culture in a sort of self-depreciating kind of role. Think of Samuel L Jacksons character in Django Unchained, or Uncle Ruckus from the Boondocks. And as a result of their, let's say complacency in the face of oppression, those who feel passionately about the rejection of the mainstream culture chide and deride them.  It come from a sort of cultural bitterness, and really only has to do with race insofar as mainstream white society made it about race through the oppression of black people. It's about trying to forge a black identity out of the ashes of slavery and failed reconstruction.  I think it's important to note here that in the wake of the Civil War the South went through (and some would argue is still going through) a very similar sort of identity forging. They rejected the occupation by the North and soundly opposed efforts to change their overall southern identity. They had a word for Southerners who were Republicans and, from their perspective, "betrayed" the South by collaborating with northern "carpetbaggers" - scalawags. Resistance in the face of oppression is a human trait.

	Score: 241
		They would argue that there may no longer be laws on the books that are *explicitly* racist, there are mentalities and attitudes that allow for implicit racism that impact the black community.  They might point out attempts to disenfranchise through voter ID laws, or the seeming tolerance of extra-judicial killings of black people by the police as examples of the law being used to still oppress black people within society.  And on the other side of things, it's about eschewing a society that historically literally did legally oppress you. Even if everything was okay now, it doesn't make up for how the mainstream society treated your ancestors.

	Score: 226
		>it doesn't make up for how the mainstream society treated your ancestors.  Agreed, and we should make sure that we remember the historical injustices.  However, enacting further injustice upon your peers who are attempting to make a better life for themselves, or supporting political ideas that they believe would better society, doesn't seem justifiable by your ancestors being mistreated.

	Score: 161
		I think you need to realize that trauma is generally passed on from generation to generation.  I'm Jewish, and while I myself have faced nearly no anti-semitism in my life, and my mother has faced very little personally as well, it's still something that we (my mother far more than me) are very sensitive to simply because it affected our family so powerfully in the generations prior.  My great-grandparents escaped the Ukraine because of anti-semitism, only for the hatred of jews to be a global threat with the rise of the Nazis and the indifference of the west.    Despite not having lived through any of it, my mother lived with her grandmother and it was unavoidable for the fears and feelings of persecution to not be passed to my mother, and while my mother never experienced it first hand in the same way, some of those feelings have been passed on to me.  It is far easier for me, having three generations of space between the trauma and my own life, where I'm actually seeing my generation (my sisters and myself) feeling truly comfortable in our identity and not having fears of expressing the fact we are jewish.    Even though the current generation of young black people may not have experienced segregation, slavery, and oppression at the same level, I assure you they still feel the affects.  It's easy as a white person to be able to move on and get past the trauma, they were the cause not the recipient.  It's not so simple when you are on the other end.

	Score: 101
		I think its pretty simple.  Pre-judging others on the basis of their skin color is racist.  So while I agree in large measure with you, I have only one nitpick:  "White" - skin color.  "Black" - skin color.  Therefore it is just as racist to call out someone for acting black as it is for acting white, regardless of their actual skin color:  Calling out white americans for acting white: racist.   Calling out black americans for acting black: racist.   Calling out black americans for acting white: racist.   Calling out white americans for acting black: racist.   Calling out anyone based on their skin color: racist.   Calling out someone with an argument not dependent on skin color: not racist.  

	Score: 69
		 >Not true. This a logical fallacy that many people on the left commit because they don't examine the data carefully. It is true that more black people are in prison for drug crimes. It is also true that just as many white people smoke weed, if not more, than black people (on a proportional basis). The reason, though, isn't because the police imprison more black people who smoke weed than white people who smoke weed. The reason is that the police largely don't care about anyone who just smokes weed, the police actually cares about people who sell and traffic in drugs.   Actually, OP's argument is much closer to the truth than yours is.   For example,  a study of the US Customs Service found something interesting. While black women were the most likely group to be stopped and searched for narcotic contraband, they were found to be the least likely to actually be smugglers.    We've found over and over that law enforcement finds crime where they look for it. And, if they're mostly looking at black and brown people, then black and brown people are going to be caught in the dragnet a lot more often.   These choices to focus on black people aren't always based on a reality of more offenders within those groups. Sometimes, as the Customs Service study showed, the reason is racial prejudice. 

	Score: 65
		"Injustice" may be too strong a word. But, it's certainly hostile, insulting and unjustified.   I doubt the Fresh Prince of Bel Air is often cited as evidence in CMV, bit this clip is illuminating, I think.   https://youtu.be/GywhZCHvqXA  As Carlton says, being black isn't what he's trying to be, it's who he is.  Carlton was right to be insulted when his blackness was questioned because he didn't confirm to a stereotype. 

	Score: 49
		I think his point is that it's not disproportionate when taken into the fact that the black people are more likely to put themselves into situations where they are in danger of getting shot - this is supported by the statistic that 50% of violent crime is committed by black people, despite only comprising 13% of the population.  Also, you haven't answered his sexist point.  The vast majority of people who get shot by the police and imprisoned are male, not female - does this mean our policing methods are sexist?

	Score: 48
		I'm saying that the US is not morally equivalent to an occupying force or Nazi Germany against the Jews with respect to its treatment of blacks today.  Since a black person has been elected to run our entire nation for 8 years, representing ALL Americans, not just black Americans, I would also argue that mainstream American culture does not preclude black Americans, so wanting to participate in mainstream American culture should not be seen as betraying one's own culture or race.

	Score: 42
		Voter ID laws affect everyone. Saying black people are less capable of obtaining identification is racist in itself.   White people support the police. If a cop shoots a white, black or Hispanic person, white people will most likely say "they should have listened to the cops."   Nothing you described is racist. 

	Score: 41
		No, that's still racism. They're trying to portray "acting white", (I. E. Speaking English correctly, getting an education, pursuing a corporate or technical job, etc.) as a negative.  Imagine for a second how it would sound if you heard a white person say "Hey, Jim, stop that this minute. You're acting black, you fool". 

	Score: 41
		Actually if they shoot someone it is more often a white person than a black person. More than twice as many people shot by the police are white than black.  I believe you are trying to say black people are perportionally shot by the police more which is true if you focus on race. If you look at crime statistics, black people are shot much less.    Black men make up less than 10% of the population and commit half of all violent crimes in America. Yet roughly 166 black people were shot by cops in 2017 compared to 330 white people.   The real question is why 704 men were killed by police and only 32 females. Are the police sexist?

	Score: 40
		I don't understand how trauma is passed down. That makes no sense. My  parents were both born in Soviet occupied Poland, they had friends murdered for sport at the hands of the russians. My uncle and some of  my dad's friends were Even Tortured for extended periods of time. Now I don't say this is as bad as the Holocaust by any means. But I personally don't harbor any ill will towards Russians because their former government didn't like my ethnicity. That whole line of thinking seems absurd to me. I am not trying to offensive but I don't understand.

	Score: 38
		Your argument presumes that it's almost certainly an affectation for black people to speak Standard English rather than African American Vernacular English.   Not all black people grew up in households where AAVE was spoken.  And, even if it was spoken doesn't mean that every member of that household considers AAVE his native tongue.   Because of that, I find the presumption in your argument unjustified.    It's one thing for someone's best friends to call him out for affecting a foreign accent (your scenario), it's something else entirely for perfect strangers to police how other people talk (the scenario posed by OP). 

	Score: 35
		Black people do not traffic drugs at a higher rate than whites.  https://www.hrw.org/news/2009/06/19/race-drugs-and-law-enforcement-united-states  "Although the majority of those who shared, sold, or transferred serious drugs[17] in Seattle are white (indeed seventy percent of the general Seattle population is white), almost two-thirds (64.2%) of drug arrestees are black."  "Three-quarters of the drug arrests were crack-related even though only an estimated one-third of the city's drug transactions involved crack.[18] Whites constitute the majority of those who deliver methamphetamine, ecstasy, powder cocaine, and heroin in Seattle; blacks are the majority of those who deliver crack."  This DoJ PDF backs up this claim as well.  https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/rdusda.pdf&sa=U&ved=0ahUKEwi3ps2Gn9LWAhWJ7yYKHbWUBYIQFggSMAM&usg=AOvVaw3r_HmFo4EHVhC0AZSkpzHD  Blacks, on the whole, get arrested at a much higher rate for almost every minor crime. They are also much more likely to get pulled over. And none of this even touches that blacks are incredibly more likely to get shot by cops.  And let's not get started on the whole black culture being akin to the 'gang culture'. 

	Score: 34
		Wells Fargo had multiple racism scandals this year. The war on drugs continues to disproportionately jail black men for crimes that are committed equally by whites (cannabis). The Chicago police department was found to be systematically racist within the last year or two. Donald Trump is president. The school to prison pipeline is as strong as ever. How many unarmed black people have been shot by police officers who faced few to no consequences?  I don't understand how somebody can think that racism is dead. Even if you say racism is dead now (it's not but let's just say) don't you think that the effects of the 1960s are playing out today? Generational wealth is the strongest indicator of success in this country and black people have been systematically denied this wealth (jim crow, red lining, Wells Fargo) forever. I highly recommend you read The Case for Reparations if you want more information here.

	Score: 32
		>The actual number is that blacks commit 50% of murders and non-negligent manslaughter. Not violent crimes.  Not sure that sounds better for black folks...  > it ignores heavy influencers like poverty, and prison sentence lengths and their effect on recidivism, both of which affect the black community heavily as a direct result of the generational, It's institutionalized racism in our country.  I think you're ignoring that this line of argument leads to the conclusion that on a deep philosophical level, none of us are moraly cupable for our actions because those actions can always be traced to a state of affairs that are beyond our control.  We are each the product of our genes and environment, none of which we are responsible for.  Yet we still assign moral agency to our actions.  How?  Topic for another discussion.  >I think it's also worth noting that your question was about black people calling out each other for "white" behavior, but you've fallen into a classic derailment tactic and are now down in the weeds of black crime statistics. These are extremely tangential and this is a common and well known tactic to distract conversations about race and racism.  I'm just jumping into a subthread here that someone else started, not really my problem.

	Score: 31
		That's good, I'm glad you were able to resist learning your parents fears.  Not everyone is so lucky.  You have to understand that everyone is different, has different susceptibilities, etc.  Do not define the norm by your own personal experiences.  

	Score: 30
		There was a great archive interview with James Baldwin played on the BBC the other day (anniversary of his birth/death?). He said that when he was in Paris as a young man he heard Bessie Smith's recording of Backwater Blues and it broke his heart because he realised that he had lost what he called the "beat" of Black diction from his speech, which Bessie had in abundance...he also commented on the laconic economy and understatement ("my house fell down and I can't live there no more") of that record as a quintessentially Black expression; he needed to get both these things back for the sake of his writing.  The upshot is that he had to get out of America to realise what it had done to him, which was to steal his identity by making it a shameful thing, and to do it in a clandestine way so that he didn't even realise it had happened.



CMV: Games like Chess should not have Male and female division
=======================================

	Score: 789
		Women, especially beginners, may be intimidated and unlikely to join if they know their competition will mainly be men. Chess is a very male dominated activity, and entry is already difficult for women. Having a women only chess group would be more inviting for a lot of people, and hopefully get more women engaged in playing Chess.  In my opinion, the "men's" side should allow women to compete if they would like to. This is how it works in a lot of sports - women have ~~played~~ been drafted* in the NBA, in men's teams at colleges, and other levels of sport. While there is a separate women's division, women are allowed to compete in the men's division if they so choose. If you combined the two, women would quickly get drowned out. This way it is not explicitly gendered, although it seems so.  EDIT: Apparently the female NBA players were drafted, but did not play.

	Score: 375
		To be clear; chess does not have ANY male only tournaments. They have female only, and "open", so anyone who qualifies can play. Both the Chess World Cup and the FIDE Grand Prix are open; women are more than welcome to play, however, there simply aren't very many high level female players. In that sense, there IS one clear world champion- Magnus Carlsen. If a woman had qualified for the Candidates this year (and again, it is possible, if a woman had won or placed highly in the aforementioned tournaments), then we could have a match between the best player and a woman (note that I do not say "highest rated" challenger- the challenger is determined by performance in this one tournament, not simply highest rating).   Are you arguing that the women only tournaments should be eliminated, and everything should be open?

	Score: 266
		This argument would work where we have separate high school tournaments for boys and girls so as to encourage more girls to take part in it. Small lower level tournaments can be help to encourage but I do not agree that we should have a World Chess womens championship just so that we can encourage more women. The biggest world champion should be plain and simple with one clear winner.   Edit: Going back to what you said:  > Women, especially beginners, may be intimidated and unlikely to join if they know their competition will mainly be men.    Wouldn't this imply that they would be scared of competing with men implying that somehow men have advantage over women?  

	Score: 133
		Having lower level tournaments helps in women to join in as a beginner. But world championships are done to decide who is the best at the very top. We should not have two world champions. There should't be a Regular world champion and a women world champion. 

	Score: 126
		  Not every tournament or sporting event is formed with the intention of establishing a perfectly hierarchical competition.  Some events are formed around a specific locale or community.  A women’s chess tournament is not necessarily implying that women are incapable of competing with men, but is just trying to shine a spotlight on women who play chess.  There are plenty of other chess tournaments that are open to all genders.   

	Score: 117
		This. The point the Op is missing is that thechess  federation has many goals. Finding the best player is one - women can enter. Encouraging as many woman to play is another - the view is that this is best done by having separate competitions.  

	Score: 105
		If you had a special chess tournament for residents of Chicago, would you be making the implication that people from Chicago can't compete with players from anywhere else?

	Score: 97
		No, it is not saying that women are less capable; it is merely saying that there are fewer top female players, without speculating on why, and trying to encourage more women to participate. You are reading more meaning into the tournaments than is intended.  As I mentioned in another post, a large part of chess talent is being encouraged to continuously practice from a very young age in order to be a professional chess player. If men are much, much more likely to be encouraged to be chess players by their parents and by society in general, they will have a huge edge in chess rankings even without any sort of mental discrepancy, and female-only tournaments can serve to bridge the enthusiasm/encouragement/childhood training/whatever gap.

	Score: 92
		The point is that your premise - that separation implies differential abilities - is false.

	Score: 86
		Why does the argument about having separate tournaments fail to work with higher level competition?  if you accept that having competitions specifically for women can help to encourage more women to compete in a male dominated event, why does that not continue to apply at higher and higher levels? Doesn't cutting off the women's tournaments before they become internationally competitive diminish the level of encouragement women can receive to compete?

	Score: 70
		No, the open world championship is to determine who is "the best at the very top". The women's world championship is to determine who is the best woman in the world. And the reason for the women's world championships is exactly the same as having lower level tournaments: it helps to give women a goal to aspire to and a reason to continue striving to be stronger. If you're willing to accept that should be the case for high school tournaments, it makes no sense to discard that for international competitions.  Like, let's step it back a notch from the world championship. Should there be a North American chess championship for women, to encourage North American women to compete?  Should there be a Pacific Coast Superregional championship for women to encourage those women to compete?  Should there be a University of California System championship for women to encourage women to compete?  Should there be a tournament for a California magnet high school for women to encourage women to compete?  I hope you see the point I'm getting at here; there's no fundamental difference between those levels besides being higher prestige and being more competitive. If you accept that competitions can be a way to draw women into the sport, any distinction on *when* such women only competitions exist are arbitrary. You're basing your argument on a gut feeling that "we should not have two world champions", but that doesn't negate the fact that a women's world championship, or NA championship, or whatever is still a way to encourage women to compete at higher and higher levels.

	Score: 68
		It depends on your definition of "disadvantage." Chess is a very male-dominated event, and many male chess players are encouraged to practice very heavily from a very young age in order to be competitive. There are many reasons why a culture that leads to a large number of men practicing an event from a very young age, but almost no women practicing to such a degree, could lead to men dominating without an inherent "disadvantage" to female competitors, especially not a disadvantage that would lead to the extreme disparity in male vs. female chess rankings.  For example, look at [Judit Polgar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Judit_Polg%C3%A1r). She was arguably the #1 female of all time and has defeated several male #1 players in at least some matches, and this is partially due to her upbringing being absurdly focused on chess. Her sisters, who were also brought up on Chess, are an International Master and a Grandmaster; they're both very, very exceptional players.  Now imagine that for every Judit Polgar, there are *thousands* of men who had similarly chess-focused upbringings and studied chess to the same degree. You would expect that men would dominate the leaderboards simply due to statistics at that point, even if men and women were identical. That's, more or less, what the current state of chess is; whatever differences between the sexes exist is drowned out by the extreme advantage men have socially, in terms of having children put into the kind of environment that creates chess grandmasters.

	Score: 51
		There are no tournaments for men. There are tournaments for everyone, and there are tournaments for women. Why do you even have a view on this in the first place if you clearly know little about the sport? I don’t post CMV threads about what I think should be changed in hockey when I don’t actually play or follow it. 

	Score: 47
		Even in sports where men should not have a clear advantage over women, there is still often a very large gender gap. In May of 2015, only two of the top 100 chess players are women. And while some of the gap could be explained by the fact that chess is often not a coed competition, I don't think it explains such a massive distance between the male and female players.  There's a University of Florida Study (link bellow) looking into the wide gender gap between professional scrabble players. The competitions are coed, and while a majority of the competitors are female, male competitors are overwhelmingly more successful. They found that even between competitors that put the same amount of time into practice, the men were more likely to win. The difference was in how they practiced. Men tended to put more time into studying to get better at the game: looking at past winners and practicing anagrams. Women, on the other hand, tended to play the game for fun and seek enjoyment rather than improvement.  It seems to me that either A) Men are more likely to be more results-driven, competitive, and obsessive than women, making it more likely for them to put more effort into being the best at Scrabble (or Chess or any other game) rather than just playing the game a hobby, B) Men have more time/money/effort to put into becoming a great Scrabble player, whereas women, due to widespread gender inequality, don't have as much time/money/effort, leading them to use the game as a form of relaxation rather than a competitive challenge, or C) some combination of the two. So it seems to me that the gender gap is not caused by the game itself, but the social and economic inequalities that are present in our society.   So, given that the gender gap is largely out of the hands of the international chess board (or whatever they're called), they should treat chess similar to football, since the men have a clear advantage over the women that the board can do nothing to change.  Link to the study:  https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00426-017-0905-3  Link to the article that I actually read: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/men-scrabble-better-women-practise-useless-skills-board-games-study-a7928496.html  Edit: As someone pointed out below, they'res a pretty strong connection between Men and OCD, so I fiddled with my argument a bit to incorporate that data: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22189930  

	Score: 47
		If I wanted to get more men into knitting, I might start a male knitting club. Doesn't mean women are better at it. It's just a way to inspire more men to try something. 

	Score: 47
		The premise of having a women-only tournament is that women are significantly less likely to play if they must play with men, where the sport is dominated by men.  That may or may not be true for black people. If it is true, then I think it would be reasonable to have a tournament for minorities as well, and if not, no. I don't know what the data, if any, says on this though.

	Score: 44
		If women wish to compete against stronger opponents they are free to do so, as there are generally not male only tournaments; there are open tournaments, and female tournaments.  Regardless, the advantage of having an actual path for women to dedicate themselves to being professional or at least competitive chess players is likely to far, far outweigh any negatives of women only tournaments. You are not comparing, say, a woman choosing a female only tournament over an open tournament. You are comparing a woman choosing a female only tournament *against 31 other women who may not otherwise compete at this level* against that one woman choosing the open tournament. The scenario with many, many more women seeking to be competitive is likely far better for developing female players than the minimal harm it would cause, especially with gender participation as skewed as it is.

	Score: 40
		By separating it out aren't we implying that women cannot compete with men and need a special tournament for them?  

	Score: 38
		From one source I checked there is only one woman in the top 100 players. It is very unlikely that a woman would win, although I agree she should be allowed to compete.   Many women would prefer to have a separate championship, so that they have a shot at being the champion. Role models can be very important, and having a female figure that young women to point to and say "she won the championship" could be very powerful. 

	Score: 38
		Should they have a blacks only tournament since they're underrepresented?



CMV: A main reason why kids don't do as well in school as they could is that they don't get enough sleep, and they do not take enough breaks to even simply breath.
=======================================

	Score: 550
		Amount of homework given is poorly correlated to academic success. I did read somewhere that this has been studied, so I can agree with that and I certainly don't agree that you should be doing homework at the cost of sleep.  I don't agree however that this is the main reason. I'd say the main reason people don't do well in a particular subject is that they don't enjoy the subject. If they enjoyed it more they'd put in more effort with it.  The reasons some kids do poorly at school generally however will be much more complicated than just a single cause. It's going to be a mash up between the family attitude to learning, the kid's genetic potential to learn, their interest in learning (nerds do better!), their diet being right, their activity levels, their domestic stability at home or presence of any home conflict, their social skills and ability to become part of a group, their group's attitude to learning, their use of any recreational drugs (bad). Probably a whole bunch of other things too.  Sure if someone is consistently not getting enough sleep, that's going to be a big issue. In my experience that's caused more by kids using their mobile phones at and after bed time than by excessive homework. 

	Score: 101
		That makes a lot of sense, and I agree that there are a lot of other factors that are more influential than just not sleeping/taking breaks. I guess I meant that a large, unnoticed reason is what I said above. Nonetheless you still get a delta &#8710; for that!  Edit: yes the mobile phone issue also contributes to the lack of sleep because they feel the need to be on them. Plus the light affects the sleep patterns too.

	Score: 91
		I agree with you on the point that people overwork themselves in order to not lose sight of their objectives. Just 5 minutes off the seat walking around the house/apartment/wherever every now and then can really help your senses refreshed.  But that really discounts a lot else of what may be affecting their school, like their home environment, affinity, neighbourhood, attitude towards study and whatnot. It's up to them and their parents/peers/siblings to sort them out of that. I guess that's why a good family/community bonds and values count for a lot in which career paths and choices they make.

	Score: 39
		Singapore is ranked third in time spent on homework, and is ranked #1 in the world in math, science, and reading according to PISA. Also at the top of that list is Japan and Korea, whose students also spend more time on homework than the global average of 5 hours a week, along with cram schools. In fact, PISA  found a correlation between time spent on homework and test scores. Not surprisingly, more homework usually leads to better academic performance.  [Source](http://www.straitstimes.com/singapore/education/singapore-ranks-third-globally-in-time-spent-on-homework)    

	Score: 35
		I don't agree with you that it is the main reason, but I do agree with you that it is a reason so I don't feel like I can make my own main comment reply. Just wanted to give you a point that helps your view.   Nowadays it is being understood that a lot of people who are diagnosed with ADD/ADHD might not actually have the problems even though they exhibit the symptoms, but the symptoms stem from lack of sleep which has a similar effect as ADD on the brain. This can start at a young age and children have been way over diagnosed for ADD.

	Score: 28
		The real reason is that we simply don't put as much emphasis on education as we should. In fact, education and educators are routinely demonized; often here in this very sub.  

	Score: 28
		I'm a teacher who can attest that homework is not why most students are staying up late. I don't even assign homework besides over-arching, quarterly projects and papers, and that's only homework if they don't work on it in class or in study hall. Students routinely tell me they stay up late watching Youtube, Netflix and playing video games. Essentially, it's the parent's lack of control over their kids that's making them stay up late. I've seen students who take all AP classes who stay up late doing homework, but that's again the parent's failing of realizing they are overloading their child or letting them overload themselves. Not a lot of kids should be taking a full schedule of courses that demanding, if any at all. As a teacher for over 8 years, I can assure you that the majority of students are not overloaded with homework. Of course I can't speak for every school. You have a great point about breaks during school, however. It causes rush and stress for kids to have to run from class to class with barely any time in-between for the restroom or water. 

	Score: 22
		What about the lack of agency that teenagers have over there lives? They have no control over what they learn, when they learn, where they learn, who teaches them and what they wear while doing so. There is also family drama to consider.  Didn't you attend high school? Did you really enjoy being judged in your worst subject by your least favourite teacher?  Did you love everyone of your classmates?  Did you find every topic relevant? I will concede that school may start to early but it's a small part of big problem. 

	Score: 19
		I agree with your statement that kids don't get enough sleep, but I don't think that it is because of the homework. I think that it is because school starts REALLY early. A lot of people are night owls and can't fall asleep early and wake up early. When I was in school, I couldn't fall asleep until later than 11:00 pm.

	Score: 15
		I do think that those other factors affect their perfomance a lot, but they also may cause them to lose sleep or overspend time on homework. Some parents may influence their children to think they need to do perfect and spend hours trying to perfect their work.

	Score: 13
		Im going to preface this by the fact that I am 50/50 about this, although I partially agree with you I think there is a bigger factor at play.   My only source here is that i am a mom of a first grader. When my child is doing bad in school/struggling it typically is from a lack of attention at home, or some kind of upset in our home life. Ie.   She struggles with reading bc I am the only person in our family that speaks English (the language she uses at school). I work 50-60 hours a week and cannot devote the time she needs to practice that skill. Furthermore, when her father switched from first shift to second, the negative change at home negatively affected her at school. She was lonely and sad bc she didn’t have her papa and so she struggled. When I was in the hospital due to complications with pregnancy we had her first note home saying she scored low on her a/r and vocab quizzes. Poor girl was worried about her mama.   Beyond just my child, I have witnessed this with several friends and family members as well. Typically when the child’s home life is not ideal, or changing, the child will struggle for a time. I have seen children that struggle continually in school, and that has been from a tumultuous home life.   Sleep does play a factor in that, but from my experience and observation, that is just a symptom.   

	Score: 11
		>A lot of kids will stay up way to late because either they put off the homework until later, or they do nore than they need.  Have the times changed that much? I remember I stood up late either to *return just this one quest*/*finish just this one level* or to watch some shit on TV. I've never found myself at late night, doing some homework. I either did it before playing vydia/watching TV or the next morning before class.  But I do know that kids today have more hours at school. At class 6-9 (age 14-16) I had afternoon-school twice a week, afaik today kids in that age got more afternoon-schools.  Ofcourse the average kid doesn't know when to take a break. I don't know about you guys but as a kid I would play 6 hours straight until the starving was too much. Today when I go to bed, I go to bed but I don't think every kid just goes to bed. They go to bed, get on their phone, BAM 1am. But here's the thing, I was like this too at some point, just without internet but who hasn't had a conversation with a friend in the middle of the night via texts? Then someday I overdid it so I overslept. This would go on throughout the years, even when I was officially an adult and had a job, I'd oversleep once a month on average until I finally set my mind to "it's bedtime, no phonetime" and so far I only oversleep maybe once in six months now.  I don't have much insight on today's pupils but I also don't think they got it soooo much harder than we did, they just need to adjust to the situation. We stood up late watching stuff but watching stuff could make you tired and you'd eventually fall asleep while using your phone requires focus which keeps you awake, it's similar when playing video games.

	Score: 11
		That is part of it, but I would say its the stress from peers and also from parents. Kids pressure kids to fit in and with social media its even worse. And now parents pressure kids more than ever to get good grades, play an instrument, play a sport, be involved with extracurricular activities and just overall be a perfect. I'm only in my early 20s and I've noticed so many more kids now have depression and anxiety; those two reasons are why. This is also a big reason why kids dont want to go to school. A big sign of depression is not wanting to do anything 

	Score: 8
		[Numerous studies](https://www.childtrends.org/indicators/parental-involvement-in-schools/) have shown parental involvement is a big indicator of success in school. Parents showing that school is something to care about and helping the kids with it makes a big difference.  Some kids are just better geared towards learning / types of teaching. My sister and I could just be given a textbook and told when the test would be and get an A in the class without a teacher at all. We would read on our own and seek out resources to understand something if we needed it, and got straight A's because of it. My brother hated reading as a kid and would refuse to do schoolwork. He struggled to pass his classes at all and got held back a grade. My parents didnt have a different level of involvement but my brother was just motivated differently. He needed a much more focused approach than we did in order to learn and even then he struggled with it.   There are a lot of factors involved in a kids success in school.

	Score: 8
		That's true, but that's besides the point. I'm saying the problem is more than just lack of sleep due to lots of homework. It could be a variety of things, such as the ways we assess student performance, the curriculum itself, politics preventing bad teachers from being fired, education systems that cut funding from things like gifted education and honors programs, etc. Any one of those things would have a much more profound effect on a student's academic performance than lack of sleep.

	Score: 7
		They also may have responsibilities outside of school which may make them cut into their sleep hours.  I taught some kids in a poorer district a couple years back, and many of them had to take care of their siblings (because their parents worked late) or work at night to help supplement the family income.  I had one student who didn't get to close shop until midnight, got home about 1 am, and then had to be at my class at 7:15 in the morning.  Needless to say, he didn't have much time for homework (without cutting further into his sleep, anyway), and he wasn't alone.

	Score: 6
		I think the schedule of schooling isn’t terrible, anyone successful in most cases is gonna get up early everyday. I feel schooling in America is simply too robotic and just lacks a personal connection with most students. Regardless of a students way of learning and what they prefer it’s the same for everyone. I can only name a handful of teachers throughout public school that influenced creativity, innovation, and just created a semi-fun way to learn. Learning has became more competitive nowadays than just simply learning. Students are influenced by their grades more than what they learn. Enough sleep isn’t a huge issue IMO because a student could go to sleep around 9-10 and be perfectly fine it’s just this generation that enjoys staying up so late. Breaks could be given a bit more in a long school day but I do feel scheduling and breaks isn’t the biggest concern for American education. 

	Score: 6
		My entire K-12 experience felt like orange jump suit preparation. However with the time I served in county jail we at least had edible food options in the clink, so if you want to start somewhere maybe take a look at the rat shit you're feeding children. 

	Score: 6
		I would say that these are some of the reasons. Another major reason is the failed model of education presenting topics based on a plan and not on the interests of the individual.   If I told you to learn a chapter from an organic chemistry textbook by tomorrow, how easy would that be for you if you have zero interest in the topic?  What if I told you that if you didn’t learn it you’d be punished (the grading system is a punishment system). Now, on top of your lack of interest in the topic, you’d have to also deal with the natural response to being forced to submit (rage and humiliation).   If you were also told that you can’t leave the room except for short times you never consented to, you’d get an even better picture of the inherent violent and disrespectful nature of the institution.   All of these factors influence learning in negative ways. Extrinsic motivation is a major factor in killing intrinsic motivation and destroying existing interest in any topic. 

	Score: 6
		I do agree that more homework leads to better success, spending unnecessary amount of time on that homework is welll, unnecessary and doesn't help. For example, if you only have to write a 5 page essay, there's no need to write a 10 page one.



CMV: it's hypocritical to simultaneously believe that 1) people should have to pull themselves up by their bootstraps if they're unsuccessful and 2) we should make any effort to support people who have lost their coal/factory/industry jobs due to technological progress
=======================================

	Score: 233
		Table the DACA argument for a little bit, I want to focus on the first part. For right wing support of the coal industry to be hypocritical, the type of government action that they are proposing to help it must be categorically similar to the kind of government action that they're opposing in other areas.   Why have coal industry jobs disappeared? Well there are a number of reasons. You're partially right about technological progress. There is less of a demand for coal because natural gas and renewable energy is often cheaper. Also, as is the case with nonrenewable resources, coal mining in the Appalachia is getting more expensive because the easy to get coal has already been mined. However, there is another factor that is contributing to loss of jobs in the coal industry in a negligible way: new governmental regulations. If jobs have been lost in an industry because of artificial restraints placed on them by the government, then it's not inconsistent with free-market principles to advocate for getting rid of those regulations.  The big one is the [Clean Power Plan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clean_Power_Plan). In President Obama's [own words](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqHL404zhcU), this kind of regulation by definition hurts the coal industry. Increasing jobs through eliminating costly regulations seems to be well within the kinds of things that Republicans like to see. 

	Score: 95
		> I guess my view is more philosophical, though--why is there any motivation at all from the right to provide a helping hand in other people getting jobs? Isn't that people's own business?  I think the difference is helping vs. not hurting.  Giving people welfare and things like that is actively "helping" these people, while getting rid of restrictive regulations is ceasing to "hurt" people.

	Score: 77
		>If jobs have been lost in an industry because of artificial restraints placed on them by the government, then it's not inconsistent with free-market principles to advocate for getting rid of those regulations.  I can see where this point comes from. It's not inconsistent with conservative POVs to support getting rid of regulations at all. I guess my view is more philosophical, though--why is there any motivation at all from the right to provide a helping hand in other people getting jobs? Isn't that people's own business?   Those regulations were passed for environmental reasons; they affect the market, but so do a lot of things. Why should the government spend time, effort, and money repealing those regulations to help a few people who should be capable and motivated enough to go out and get another job once theirs disappears for good, environmental reasons?

	Score: 49
		The way I hear it put is that it isn't the native workers that suffer, but the legal immigrants who put up with the process and ticked all the boxes. Why should we bend over backwards for those who didn't follow the letter or spirit of the law at the expense of those who do?  We've given blanket amnesty for illegal immigrants. It was Ronald Reagan that signed the last amnesty in 1986. It got us nowhere. Any amnesty or overlooking the law for humanitarian concerns are barely bandaids that let us overlook the real problem, that our immigration system is hurting people.

	Score: 46
		That's fair enough. This line of reasoning definitely makes the most headway in reconciling these two ways of thinking.  I'm just stuck on the fact that that "not hurting" philosophy isn't represented across the board in conservatism. There are lots of laws in place that prevent certain people from getting jobs (immigrants, legal and otherwise), but republicans aren't in favor of repealing those to "stop hurting." 

	Score: 39
		> people who have lost their jobs should just "get another one,"   I think you mistook this statement to be a dismissive, malicious statement. If we take that statement to be an emotionally neutral, objective advice, then there's nothing to reconcile.  "Your car broke down? Then you need to get a mechanic. Here, have some lemonade while you wait." Nothing to reconcile there. Your needing to get a mechanic is an objective analysis of the situation. I don't wish you any harm or difficulty, I'm not laughing at you, I'm just pointing out the best way forward. And I can offer you some lemonade.  Edit: a lot of people have been commenting and arguing that this is a wrong stance to take. That's okay, I'm not trying to say this is a good stance to take. I'm only saying those two ideas are not contradictory in a hypocritical way (which is the topic of the CMV here). You can be wrong without being a hypocrite.

	Score: 38
		See I don't think it's malicious to tell people to get jobs who don't have one; I think, like you, it's a practical (if somewhat obvious) solution. There's lots of reasons people don't have jobs, though, including the fact that their industry is being regulated and physically mined out of existence. But for some reason we pity those people's lack of a job *so much more* that we're advocating for the removal of good, environmental regulations to help them get them back. They dont have a job; that's their problem. Why is the solution not "get a new job," but instead, "here, I'll help you get your old one back?"

	Score: 36
		Have you talked to legal immigrants? I don't mean at one of those solidarity events either. When I stumble across them in my daily life they seem to be very, very vocal about it.  Granted, I'm talking a sample of convenience and it might be that that the more politically conservative immigrants settled in my comparatively conservative part of the nation. I rarely hear anything about illegal immigration except when immigrants are talking about it themselves.  Then again, my area is more business/libertarian conservative. We ended up voting against Trump by a narrow margin while returning a Republican Congressman and State-level politicians by double digits.  I think that amnesty is pointless without a fundamental reworking of immigration law. You know, basing it on how many people we can absorb without stressing local communities rather than based on arbitrary quotas and waiting lists. I get a sense of something almost sinister about people who advocate blind amnesty, after all we have a system that already hurts many thousands... that people *die* trying to circumvent... that criminals have made an industry of exploiting those who desperately seek to circumvent... but rather than caring enough to work to fix that system so to save lives and promote prosperity everywhere they want something that's not even a Band-Aid because it does *nothing* for those already in route or haven't had an opportunity to try for the border yet. Any amnesty will simply result in a new crop of illegals starting the next day without deep and necessary reform. 

	Score: 32
		>It then follows that coal miners have already "proven" themselves capable.  Well, they haven't proven themselves capable of selecting a career path that has any sort of longevity in this world. Why should I have to spend time and money helping them when they had the freedom to pick a job that wouldn't die out in a few decades? Coal's been a dying industry for a while.  I don't see how the social order is disrupted in any way when coal miners lose their jobs. If we're already moving away from coal, isn't it more disruptive to stop that process? 

	Score: 27
		> There isn't a very vocal faction of legal immigrants who are anti-illegal-immigration  But there is. They just don't get as much air time. 

	Score: 26
		The first point "People should have to pull themselves up by their bootstraps if they're unsuccessful" isn't quite the conservative view. Instead, the view is "Unsuccessful people are that way because they could not pull themselves up by their bootstraps". It then follows that coal miners have already "proven" themselves capable.  This is combined with an even more basic principle of conservatism: "the social order should not be disrupted". That is, if one person is better of than another, that should stay that way. I think it is considered more of a problem if many people move down than when a few people move up. This and "A rising tide lifts all boats" are how such a stance is reconciled with the american dream.  One way to frame this is as belief in meritocracy. If you genuinely belief that those with more merit rise to the top, then preserving order makes sense.

	Score: 26
		So why do we pity people who lose their jobs to immigrants? 

	Score: 24
		Talk to more legal immigrants. They do complain about it, from across the political spectrum.

	Score: 21
		I mean, I won't give out the personal information of my conservative family members, but I can assure you that I've got a few uncles who have said that 1) it's a shame we're not doing more to help the coal industry and 2) people who get help from the government are leeches.

	Score: 20
		But you could argue that any and all government regulations "target" any one industry. Like health codes "target" the food industry  by holding them to a high standard of cleanliness, which has absolutely driven countless restaurants out of business. But you don't see anyone complaining about health codes killing jobs. 

	Score: 18
		Republicans favor those laws because they believe that immigrants getting (taking) is hurting Americans. Ergo, stop immigrants, stop the hurting.

	Score: 17
		> Why is the solution not "get a new job," but instead, "here, I'll help you get your old one back?"  They perceive the government as having contributed directly to their losing of that job, thanks to the very regulations you're acknowledging.  That's the key difference.   It is not a conservative view that a central authority should pick winners and losers in the market. If it is doing that, it is entirely logically consistent to believe that people should pick themselves up by their bootstraps, but the government still shouldn't be putting them at a disadvantage.

	Score: 17
		So why do we see only native workers complaining about illegal immigrants, and very few legal immigrants complaining? There isn't a very vocal faction of legal immigrants who are anti-illegal-immigration. Why are we speaking for legal immigrants and assuming that they disapprove of the way illegal immigrants conduct themselves?   There's plenty of reasons to think that legal immigrants are fully in support of amnesty/easier pathways to citizenship for illegal immigrants.

	Score: 16
		Coal has been on the decline for a few decades. They of all people would know that. They should have switched careers when it became obvious that their job wasn't going to last.  Sort of like travel agents--a lot of people made a career out of helping people book flights and trips. At the advent of the internet, we didn't pass laws to prevent customers from being able to book flights on their own so as to help those travel agents and agencies; we said "sorry guys, you should probably find another job now." They didn't do anything wrong, but if someone is clinging to the job of travel agent in 2017 and is upset that more isn't being done to help them, do we think that person is being rational? Should we help them?

	Score: 15
		I'm not sure that any one person simultaneously believes those two lemmas. You may be amalgamating people you don't agree with into one big mythical right wing Boogeyman. If I'm wrong please show me where one individual espouses both philosophies. 



CMV: Just because you find a spelling or grammar error in an argument, does not automatically make an opposing argument more correct.
=======================================

	Score: 1099
		One of Aristotle's three pillars of argument is _Ethos_ - credibility of the speaker.  In order to convince a group of people that you are correct, the audience must first find you _credible_ on the topic that you are discussing.  If Stephen Hawking were to give the exact same speech on astrophysics as my local trash collector, I would find the speech from Hawking much more convincing because of his credibility - his Ethos.  So, if we accept that credibility is one of the pillars upon which arguments are built, then removing credibility is one of the ways in which we can make arguments less convincing.  By pointing out grammatical flaws or other simple errors, it calls into question the time and energy that the speaker put into their argument - if they can not be trusted to get _simple_ things right, then perhaps we should be more critical of the _complex_ arguments they are trying to make to convince me.  The speaker is now set back, as they have to now justify things that we may have just taken for granted if their credibility had not been harmed.  Now, you are correct in the sense that this does not affect the fundamental validity or truth of the _argument_ presented, but (as Aristotle learned millennia ago) the fundamental logic and validity of an argument - the _Logos_ - is only _part_ of what you need to convince people that you are right.  Logic alone isn't enough because people are not always logical beings.  Constructing a good argument is more than just the facts and figures - it is taking your _audience_ into account, and that requires all three pillars.

	Score: 225
		Thank you for this insightful response. I had never heard about this structure for arguments, but after just some brief reading, it does make a lot of sense. Personally, I feel the "logos" aspect of the argument is the most important of the three. Logic and facts should dictate the outcome of arguments in a perfect world. These other factors do play a significant role, however, and arguably can be more effective then logic and facts. Hence the emotional and ethical factors that make up an argument (pathos and ethos, respectively from my understanding). Good read.

	Score: 174
		I'm glad you found it helpful.  I would _tend_ to agree with you that Logos _should_ be the most important of the three, but the reality of the world is that all three matter.    Ethos can be very powerful when we need to make decisions quickly because we can refer to people who are experts in their field to help us quickly separate truth from fiction; most people don't spend the time to research every possible reason for a physical ailment and every possible treatment plan - they rely on their doctors (Ethos) to make that decision for them.  Heck, my mentioning Aristotle in the original argument was a version of Ethos, as I was able to borrow his own credibility when discussing the three pillars as a valid framework and my apparent knowledge of Greek rhetorical techniques helped you take my argument more seriously.  Pathos tends to get the worst ~~wrap~~ rep, but it tends to be the most powerful of the three.  We have seen all too well the power of emotion in our modern political landscape - Newt Gingrich himself said a while back that these days feelings are more important than facts.  I remember a study a while back where people would give _drastically_ different answers on their support for the ACA vs Obamacare (the same law) when asked, and that is a decision based purely on Pathos.  When making arguments, we have to put our own feelings aside and accept that all three of these are vital if our goal is to convince our audience.  Someone who has mastered all three will be far more successful than someone who only utilizes one or two - regardless of the validity of the argument they are trying to make.  **Edit**:  Yes, I meant rep rather than wrap.  The irony is not lost on me.

	Score: 93
		This is a tactic, it's not trying to directly make your argument invalid, those who use this tactic are attempting to discredit your competence as someone who can speak with authority on a topic.       It's a variant of an ad hominem attack - attacking you rather than your argument.     The reason people use this is because it works.    If you make numerous spelling and grammar errors, or make consistent spelling errors about fundamental concepts for  of what you are trying to discuss - people will view you as less of an authority than you may actually be.        Pointing out that you are not a native english speaker can help mitigate that.    

	Score: 38
		you should give a delta if your view was changed (even in part).

	Score: 29
		I just wanted to mention that I love how you referenced your own use of ethos with Aristotle.  Though you also did say "worst wrap", when I think you meant "worst rap". One is short for rapport, the other is a poorly made burrito. Now I can't believe anything you said!   

	Score: 28
		You are correct that grammatical errors do not automatically make the your argument technically incorrect, the facts are what make your arguments correct or incorrect. There is not much to argue on that. However, let me try to change your view a different way.  The thing is, for a lot of people this actually is the case. It is a subconscious view of the credibility of the speaker. For example, If you went through training for a large company that is doing extremely well for themselves, and the first day of training you noticed that there were spelling and grammatical errors in their training material, you may start to wonder about the efficacy of the material itself. Even if you don't, other people will.   The same is true for arguments. Take this theoretical argument for an example:  Person A: "X" has been shown to lead to "Y" in thirteen separate studies by independent researchers. Therefore we should not do "X" in this case.  Person B: "Y" aint cauzd by "X" "Y" cuz studies where payd by biasd puple and r wrong. I prov it with this rticle "link".   In the argument above, let's assume that Person B is technically correct and it was found that those studies were operating under biases and were found to be incorrect in their assumptions.   Even though Person B is correct, they come across as lacking the credibility to speak on this topic. I know that this example was highly exaggerated, but that was to point out that grammatical and spelling errors play a part in how someone perceives you.   If you are perceived as being unable to create a well-crafted and grammatically correct argument, many people will think that your argument holds less weight and will instead think that the other person is correct.  

	Score: 27
		It's an assault on the opposing party's intelligence. By convincing people that your opponent is less intelligent than you are, it enforces a positive perception in your favor that tends to sway them to your side. If done well, it works most of the time.   Donald Trump is a perfect example of doing it poorly. He has posted countless tweets where he calls opponents stupid or sad. Doing it in such a blunt, unsubstantiated, distasteful way makes it too obvious and people see through the ruse (or should).

	Score: 25
		It doz. Hav u read artistoles 3 pillars. Logos is only 1 part and logic isn't enuf to convince humans who aren't logical bings. Ethos or credibilty of author matters a lot. Not for all human mayb but majaurity of our poplation. Which comes from many factors out of which one is basic grammer. Reading missplet wordz triggers sumthng in out brains. And we trust the authors skills even lesser. Many other faktors afford the author credibility in different situations/environment of discussion. Even clothing does.  P.S. Would you trust my horribly-written answer  or one of the other "well-formed" answers on this post? If you notice, most top answers on **r/cmv** are always the ones that are very well written and even make use of difficult (rarer) than average English words (to lend credibility) apart from having good logic. People like these can be found everywhere who take advantage of the fact that audiences can be swayed by using heavy words and good grammer (check out this book review [Amazon](https://imgur.com/a/OuKGj))  I myself am guilty of this. I have upvoted answers that I didn't even understand fully but because of their language I thought they *probably* make a very good point!  P.P.S. response totally inspired from answers by u/jeremiasblack and u/ansuz07.

	Score: 24
		I really like your comment, but one little thing about ethos that I'd add: it's also incredibly important when two people present different logos entirely. If person A says "cigarettes are shown to lead to a 15% increase in likelihood of lung cancer", and person B says "cigarettes are shown to lead to a 23% decrease in the likelihood of lung cancer", if there is no direct way to observe the truth we can't know which person is lying. But if I tell you that person A is the World Health Organization, who has a great record on health issues, and person B is a 5 year old who recently discovered the joys of lying with impunity, you can then also use ethos to determine that someone is speaking in bad faith.

	Score: 23
		I’m not OP but if I could I’d give you a delta. Changed my opinion too, though I still think sometimes pointing or grammar mistakes can get annoying. Like point it out occasionally, but stick with arguing the main points. That’s just how I would do it though. 

	Score: 22
		I just will never understand how it works so well. For example, if I was watching a debate and one side of the argument points out a spelling/ grammar/ pronunciation error that their opponent made, I would automatically conclude that they must have not much else to offer in the way of relevant counter points. The average person, however, falls for this most of time. 

	Score: 21
		> those who use this tactic **are is** attempting to discredit   Sorry, but your entire point is invalid.

	Score: 19
		I think these are great responses. I'd like to make a point though that with English not being your first language, spelling and grammatical errors should not be viewed as a flaw in credibility. If anything, the fact that you know more than one language raises your credibility (if we were to hypothetically base credibility solely on language alone, which we shouldn't).   So if anything, I think spelling and grammatical errors point to flaws in credibility under the assumption that the language being spoken is that person's first language.

	Score: 17
		Frankly op provided an unwinnable scenario. Of course casual errors can't change the fundamental truth of anything. They are just noise in the waveform so to speak. Truth is independent of those problems. I think u/ansuz07 looked at the question and saw the more nuanced meaning behind  something that would otherwise be inherently undelta-able.    

	Score: 16
		In some cases it does legitimately decrease your credibility, and therefore it decreases the believability of your argument if you are claiming to be an authority on the matter.  For example, if I consistently write about nucular [sic.] physics then either I didn't learn the correct spelling because I have not looked at any literature on the subject, or I did not learn the correct spelling because I have some cognitive defect that prevents me from learning the correct spelling of a word from exposure to it. To the reader, the scope of the cognitive defect is unknown and it might also prevent me from reasoning correctly about nuclear physics. Either way, I should not have credibility if I claim to be an expert on the subject.  If the argument is self-contained and is not argument-by-authority, syntax should be less of a problem. If the syntax is bad enough it might still raise the effort required to understand the argument to the point where nobody wants to listen.  I agree with the other poster that complaining about syntax and spelling can also be an ad-hominem and distraction from the point.

	Score: 16
		Thank you.  As a point of order, people other than the OP can award deltas if they choose to.  

	Score: 16
		> The average person, however, falls for this most of time.  I was with you almost to the end, but it's "most of *the* time."

	Score: 16
		In the spirit of this thread...  > Pathos tends to get the worst wrap  *rap

	Score: 14
		I'll be real with you.  When someone is misspelling fairly common words, to me that indicates intellectual laziness.  It's very easy to look up the spelling of a word.  In fact, I try spelling it in Google, and it's helped 100% of the time.  *You*, however, are an exception to this assumption because since English isn't even your native language, it isn't you who is the lazy linguist between you and I; it's me!  I only know English!  Either way, I also don't outright dismiss another person's argument based on their spelling or grammar, because of the chance that there's a good reason, like your reason.  Besides, if someone is attacking your method of speaking rather than your argument, it actually should be an indication to you that **they're running out of argument!**  Get it?  They've got little else to support their argument aside from attacking you personally!  So if you find yourself in that place again, dig deep and keep pressing them, friend, because they're losing confidence in their own position.  Hope this helps.



CMV: The class of "tipped employees" in the US should be abolished - minimum wage should be guaranteed for all.
=======================================

	Score: 726
		In the United States, minimum wage is guaranteed.  Restaurants do bump their employees' wages to minimum wage in the extremely rare event that their tips do not cover.    Speaking from experience as a former server and GM, I would rather have tips.   You can make much more than minimum wage.  Edit - added source  Source:  https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/whdfs15.htm

	Score: 255
		I've been a bartender and a server for years. I've also managed couple bars but chose to go back to bartending.  Why?  Because I missed the tips.  Fighting the good fight for people who make way more money than the average person working the same hours seems a bit silly if you look at the numbers.    The biggest issue with this is that by saying the tipped class should be abolished, you're effectively taking away one of the easiest  industries that people can take as a primary or secondary income and walk out every night with a fairly significant amount of cash in hand that is WAY more than minimum wage.  Personally, if I had a choice between minimum wage or even 2x minimum wage and no tips or zero wage and 100% tips I would take 100% tips any day of the week.  Go ask 100 people in the industry and you'll probably get 99 that would agree.  The 1 person that doesn't agree is probably terrible at math.   To summarize, the benefits are as follows:  - Cash in hand every night (no waiting 2 weeks for a check) - Significantly more money than minimum wage - Over time, you get paid what you're worth.  If you have an asshole boss who might pay you a shit wage, your customers can still put money in your pockets.    Effectively you would be fucking over a lot of people by flipping them out of the "tipping class" and into a wage based position because no establishment is going to pay a bartender $40 an hour  > Tips are not guaranteed. Social pressure makes them likely, but not certain  Tips are not guaranteed.  That's the beauty of it.  Granted, with a sample size of 1 you can get fucked.  Over time you'll always make money.  If for some reason you're the .001% of servers who don't squeak out minimum wage then you're still guaranteed minimum wage.  You would have to be so bad at your job at that point that filing a complaint shouldn't be the objective, it should be considering a new line of work.   > If the employee doesn't get enough tips to technically have made minimum wage, what can they do? Are they going to demand the employer pays the difference? What if the employer says no - what is the employee going to do? Start a class action lawsuit to get their money back?  This is really simple.  An employer will pay them their minimum wage and most likely not keep them as an employee.  Not because the establishment is worried about making up the $5 / hour difference but because there's bigger issue with the person and they would clearly not be a good fit.    The bar and restaurant business is EXTREMELY tough as a business owner. Most of the small businesses have owners that work their asses off and are struggling to pay the bills. By making this change the biggest impact outside of fucking over the servers that make good money and love their job would be fucking over the small businesses that struggle.  TGI Fridays and Applebee's would still be ok.  THe result would be a lot of big companies running the industry and a bunch of small businesses folding.  Regardless of principle, the result would be bad.    The current system works.  It makes it easier for businesses to keep their doors open and the servers love making the kind of money they make.  Why fix something that isn't broke just out of principle? 

	Score: 152
		* Employers are required to pay minimum wage if tips aren't enough.  This is why tips are tracked (also for tax reporting reasons).  * Tipped employees don't want the system changed. Bosses of tipped employees don't want it changed. They both make more money with this system than they would otherwise.  * If the employer does not pay tip adjusted minimum wage (wage+tips/hour) it is very easy to sue. 

	Score: 149
		Kind of a rebuttal: Whenever that actually happens (and this is purely based on a bunch of anecdotes of servers whenever I bring this up on server subreddits), it is treated as "you're not doing well enough in tips because we actually have to pay you minimum wage."  Which stinks that that kind of stigma is there.  EDIT: People saying "well you just suck if you're making less than minimum wage" -- that's kind of beside the point. Literally any non-tipped minimum wage position does not have that same problem. Servers shouldn't have it either.

	Score: 141
		[deleted]

	Score: 115
		The theme I'm noticing here is that waiters typically make more than they could at similar, non-tipping professions.  This is extremely unfair for the consumer. Why should I be considered an asshole if I don't want to tip for receiving only average service, especially when waiters are taking home more than I ever did busting my ass to help customers in retail (without seeing any tips)?

	Score: 101
		While /u/RallyMech 's points are legally true, they're not practically true. For starters, small restaurants aren't required to report tips. In addition, some waitresses attempt to under-report their tips to avoid it being taxed or being pooled, and some restaurants attempt to over-report tips so they don't have to pay out the difference for minimum wage. All very illegal, but also hard to prove when dealing with cash tips. [Of 9000 restaurants, 83% had some sort of hour or wage violation](http://www.epi.org/blog/dc-minimum-wage-part-2-tipped-minimum-wage/). Abolishing the tipped employee class would simply the whole system and make the restaurants more easily accountable.

	Score: 79
		A few things could be at play:   Restaurant is overstaffed so that servers do not get enough tables, average check is so low that there are plenty of tables but they only leave a small amount each, or the server does indeed suck.   If every server is making $12 to $20 an hour and a couple have to be bumped up, they could possibly the problem. 

	Score: 74
		Almost all evidence shows next to no correlation between server performance and tips though. It's mostly just a function of things like attractiveness. 

	Score: 71
		But then why doesn't everyone that has to bust their ass at work for customers take home anywhere near as much as servers? Working retail isn't a walk in the park, and it certainly isn't during black friday and holiday season, but the wage doesn't change. You're pulling minimum wage or just a few bucks over for busting your ass. In what regard is the server's job more deserving of this extra money than other customer facing jobs?

	Score: 64
		I'd like a source on that please.  I'm willing to believe that attractiveness creates a higher threshold to poor service but I do not believe that service quality has no impact on tip amount. 

	Score: 63
		>  Restaurants do bump their employees' wages to minimum wage in the extremely rare event that their tips do not cover.   So if the employee's payout is guaranteed to reach minimum wage, isn't the part of the tip between their actual salary and the payout actually just a subsidy *to the business*? If instead the business was already paying the minimum wage (from their revenue), then any tips would be paid to employees on top of their minimum wage.  > Speaking from experience as a former server and GM, I would rather have tips. You can make much more than minimum wage.  It's not either/or. There's no reason you couldn't still get tips when getting minimum wage. However, wouldn't it be better if tips were paid out *on top of* your minimum wage, instead of being used to resolve your wage gap? It would also mean an end to guilting customers into ensuring that waiters make a living wage and service could be more merit-bound again.

	Score: 54
		>Are they going to demand the employer pays the difference?   Yes, that's how minimum wage laws work in the US.  >What if the employer says no   Then the employer is in violation of federal law.  >what is the employee going to do?   Report the employer's violation of federal law and pursue financial restitution.  

	Score: 40
		!Delta  These seem to be the central points that deal with this, so my opinion has been changed on this point.  I'm very curious to see how servers in the UK vs US regard things. In the UK, servers get the same minimum wage as everyone else, and tips are in addition to this.

	Score: 36
		I´d say it´s not an either or comparison. Take Germany as an example, we do have minimum wages and relatively high wages for bartenders, wait staff, etc. while tipping is also the norm.  However our view on tipping is completely different then in the US. Tips are not expected to be a big part of your salary or even the difference between having minimum wage or a good wage.  Tips are simply a reward for good service with the expectation that you only refrain from tipping for truly horrible service.  We have none of the problems mentioned, small restaurants and bars aren´t going down because of the higher wages.  I agree that taking away tips would make being a waiter less attractive and a realistic increase in income wouldn´t make up for a lack of tips.  However increasing minimum wages in that industry should not be tied to abolishing tips anyway. Tips should be absolutely separate from the employer.

	Score: 34
		Your first comment is correct.  It's called tip credit.    Your second comment is fine but just know prices will go up.  Business will make up that money somehow. 

	Score: 33
		You aren't an asshole if you leave a bad tip for bad service. The fact that people think you should tip regardless astounds me. 

	Score: 33
		In addition the more accessible content provided by others, the meta review often used is [here] (http://scholarship.sha.cornell.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1110&context=articles) which says that a given customer's tips go up with perceived service but not very much, and that a server's average tips are pretty much independent of the quality of their service. 

	Score: 32
		In all honesty, being a server should not be as lucrative as it is.  It really should just have a standard wage

	Score: 28
		I do agree with you here, but I think this is a different argument to the one I'm making. What you're saying is an attack on tipping in general because it doesn't work meritocratically, which is true. My argument was more to do with the fact that tipping seems potentially unfair because people won't get the money they need out of it, but people seem to be suggesting that actually you will always get at least minimum wage. So that's okay. However I do agree with you more broadly in that tipping is not remotely meritocratic.



CMV: Google Maps Calorie Counter was a great idea and people complaining are being ridiculous.
=======================================

	Score: 599
		>They say (no proof) that it could trigger people with eating disorders. How?   Any discussion of calories can trigger people with eating disorders. People with anorexia can obsess over these numbers and force themselves to stay under specific thresholds (ones that are often much less than they physically need to sustain a healthy weight).   Imagine that you spent 3 years obsessing over your Pac-man score so much that you thought about Pac-man all day and spent hours trying to top your personal best score, to the detriment of your health and social connections. Every day, you looked at photos of people's Pac-man scores online and discussed the methods you use to get the highest score. You look at a billboard of a model proudly displaying her high score. Your high score is already higher than most people's, but you're sure that it (and therefore you) are worthless because it's not high *enough*. You literally might have almost died, and others have.  You luckily realized the extent of your obsession and have spent the past two years working on it, forcing yourself to only play Pac-man for the 20 minutes you have to (because if you don't play Pac-man at all you will die, so you still have to play it the exact right amount).   Then you want to get directions to somewhere and Google tells you "Going this route would earn you 1,000 points in Pac-man!" Yes, most people don't play Pac-man enough, and these reminders might work to encourage them to Pac-man more. But you're already *way* too focused on Pac-man and trying to think *less* about it, to stop worrying for 10 minutes in a row about how society wants you to have the exact right Pac-man score (as high as possible, but not too high or else it's an unhealthy obsession).  But then here's this reminder in your face all of a sudden while you're just trying to get some frickin' directions. Later that day you think "Well maybe I should play Pac-man just 10 minutes more. 10 minutes won't hurt, right?"  That's how it triggers.   >Is this the only thing that could trigger folks with eating disorders? No? Why not highlight those other things? Because Google is a popular enough company and should know better?  No, yes, people are, and yes.   It's very hard to balance. "Normal" people do need reminders about calories because they're definitely eating too many. But some people need to *not* be reminded. Should we just say "Well, only x% of people have that problem, compared to 90+% of people who do need the reminders, so let's just ignore them and put reminders in everything"? Only some low percentage of people need ramp access to buildings; should we just ignore them? We've decided as a society that we'll take great lengths to make sure a small amount of people with specific issues can still interact with society in a healthy manner. Spending money installing ramps for a few people is one of those. Spending time discussing when, where, and how much it is appropriate to remind the general public about calories is another.   If Google built buildings without ramps, it would be correct for people to say "Hey Google, you should know better than that. Go put some ramps in." It would be incorrect for Google to say "But the dry cleaner's down the street hasn't had ramps for years and nobody complained about that." A lot more people go to Google than go to the dry cleaner's, so while they both should have ramps, people aren't generally aware of the dry cleaner's compliance status. 

	Score: 307
		This is the kind of explanation I was looking for. I’m not gonna claim it has fully swayed me from the online pundits, but someone tell me how to give this guy a delta (on mobile and I can’t pull up the sidebar for some reason)  Thanks!

	Score: 198
		Specifically looking at it being a good idea: calorie counts for exercise are dependent on things like height, stride length, gender, and weight. Google's one-size-fits-all number will not work for a 5'3" 130lb woman and a 5'10" 180lb man at the same time. False information is worse than no information because it gives shorter/lighter people an overestimation of how many treats they can have as a reward for exercising. If I decide to walk farther and then treat myself - Google's the one who brought up cupcakes, not me - I'm going to eat way too many of them by trusting Google's counter.

	Score: 147
		It's a worthwhile endeavor to imagine ourselves in other people's positions in order the better understand what we'll never experience for ourselves, in the hope that we might act more compassionately.  But our conversation about compassion lacks nuance these days.  Many individuals fail to make the distinction between being genuinely hurt and being "triggered." I think this situation is a disproportionately perfect example, because of the sheer scale of Google's reach and the proportionate response to anything they do.  Not all levels of emotional pain are equal, nor are all of the ways in which one is exposed to it.  The people concerned with triggering are often equating emotional damage, intentionally causing emotional damage, unintentionally causing emotional damage, reminding someone that they once experienced emotional damage, exposing an individual to ideas that remind them that they once experienced emotional damage and *concern that someone else* could conceptually be triggered in such a way.  None of these things are equal in significance. We do not feel them the same way or to the same degree. We do not (or at least should not) react to them with equal measures of anger or sadness.  Example:  * **Emotional damage:** Your mom dies * **Intentionally causing emotional damage:** Someone says "I'm glad your mom is dead." * **Unintentionally causing emotional damage:** Someone says *"How is your mom doing?"* a few days after she dies. * **Reminding someone of past emotional damage:** Someone says, *"The first Christmas without your mom is so difficult."* * **Exposing an individual to ideas that remind them of past emotional damage:** Science teacher discusses the female role in reproduction, reminding you that you had a mom, and she's dead. * **concern that someone else could be triggered**: You're concerned because your science teacher discussed female reproduction because it could remind folks with dead moms that their moms are dead. But you were not triggered.  Your mom is fine and currently at home baking a delicious loaf of homemade focaccia bread. What a sweet, lovely woman she is.  No reasonable individual would respond to these scenarios with the same degree of emotion. But collectively we're flatting this gradation into a single thing to be responded to as if someone said "I'm glad your mom is dead" when they actually just stated the fact that "animals have mothers."  Someone might argue that smoothing the rough edges off a product like Google Maps in order to avoid "triggering" is a positive thing with no negative consequences. I'm all for making the world easier and happier. But this is not a "gain" to folks who do or did have eating disorders with zero loss to others. We can at least agree to that.  The feature *was useful* to many people. Specifically because of Google's scale and the fact that it was the default behavior.  Even if we can't prove that due to the fact that this feature had a limited rollout to an app that's preinstalled basically everywhere, I think this is easily provable by looking at the number of downloads for other apps that provide this specific feature. It's demonstrably useful.   And now it's gone.  Those with concern for their weight and health will probably seek out another app to solve this problem, of which there are many. But these folks are already health-conscious and need fewer automatic reminders to make healthier choices. They're not the demographic that actually stands to benefit from a gentle nudge to take a walk.  Meanwhile just about every phone comes with Google Maps. That's an awful lot of people whose phones could provide them with a responsible reminder that they *could* be making a healthier decision. Because the option is not raised to the level of their conscious thought they will execute their default setting: drive, waste money, waste gas, cause air pollution and burn fewer calories.  But hey! At least we don't have to be concerned that some conceptual former bulimic is going to purge because a particular configuration of pixels causes them emotional distress.   But we should probably pass a law that says that the storefronts of all coffee shops, restaurants, and hot dog stands must avoid presenting displaying food or images of food, and they definitely should not exhaust delicious food smells into public space. Public jogging must be outlawed. No more viral food videos on Facebook. And all individuals should wear burkas so nobody has to feel the pain of being exposed to the image of a person that's more physically attractive than they perceive themselves to be.  I'm not trying to minimalize the emotional and physical discomfort of body dysmorphic disorders. And I'm not saying that we should go out of our way to make life harder for individuals with these issues.  The sad part is that our conceptual bulimic's brain is telling them the *wrong thing*. I feel terrible that that's the case, and I want nothing more than for this person to have access to the help that they need to get better and to feel better about themselves.  But how does censoring concepts like "food" and "calories" and "cupcakes" that have zero emotional weight for the vast majority of people actually help? Help would be doing something to make this person's physical attributes match their brain's interpretation of those attributes, either by "rewiring" the brain to view it correctly, or in some cases making the body fit what the brain sees (I'm explicitly avoiding any deep discussion of that possibility), and by giving them the tools to handle ideas about food and exercise without experiencing emotional distress that can only be calmed by over-eating, over-exercising, or throwing up.  Reactions like this don't help. They just censoring the world we all live in, in order to avoid reminding a few people that they've got problems they need to deal with, just like the rest of us.  Now whether or not the backlash to this feature is absurd is completely separate from the question of what Google could have done or should do to make this feature more useful for more people. The technical complaints about how Google implemented this feature were valid.  It needs to be optional, and have a simple path to disable it. It needs to give context if the data was not realistic for the user's actual size.  But I think it needs to be "enabled by default."  If a feature like this needs to be manually enabled, you've already defeated what I assume was a goal of helping people to make better choices for their health without actually requiring them to do something. Because the people who need the reminder the most are the people that are least likely to seek this out and turn it on.  And finally, I think equating calories to actual food is a useful feature.  It doesn't have to be cupcakes. It could be french fries or a can of soda. But for most people that don't commit a lot of mental activity to thinking about health and diet, a calorie is an abstract idea. Telling me how far I need to walk in order to offset something I actually ate, or telling me what I can eat to offset calories burned in a trip is a very understandable and useful concept.  The person whose opinion I would truly value on this topic is Tristan Harris, former Design Ethicist at Google.

	Score: 115
		In the US, 71% are overweight whereas 3% of the population have or had anorexia.   Should beer companies not be allowed to advertise because it might trigger recovering alcoholics? Should card companies not be able to advertise father's day because 24% of the population in the US grew up/live in fatherless homes? Should companies not be able to advertise weight loss products on TV in case it triggers anorexics?   

	Score: 100
		Overall it seems like the criticism is that the feature exists, that it wasn’t opt-in... rather than criticism of its lack of correct... algorithms? to make the feature as fool proof as possible.   Sometimes I wonder if we deserve nice things. 

	Score: 91
		The only thing I got here is that maybe cupcakes are a cruel, insulting, and ineffective/counterproductive marker to use. I.e. encouraging people to eat cupcakes because they exercised.

	Score: 91
		Thanks! Most things come down to a matter of really putting yourself in someone's shoes and thinking "If I had a comparable problem, how would I want to be treated?"   You can use "!delta" if you can't copy and paste the delta from the sidebar. 

	Score: 55
		I try. This is one of those situations I just couldn’t see how... just frustrated me.   !delta

	Score: 51
		Definitely sympathetic to those who are affected by this condition, but how does this differ from basically every fast food chain adding calorie counts prominently displayed? What makes that okay and this not?

	Score: 51
		I'm so sick of losing features to sensitive people.   If you're deaf, we'll make it talk for you, and if you're fat, we'll add a hide the calories toggle. Removing features altogether over this is asinine and self centered. 

	Score: 46
		There’s an app called Gyroscope. It shows it in terms of donuts... I think. Mind you, unlike the google maps feature it actually tracks many aspects of your health, thus has your weight and height information.   I’m not necessarily of the camp of “I worked out this much, I can eat these many donuts”. That just undoes my exercise. It boggles me that there are people who think this way. 

	Score: 42
		> Overall it seems like the criticism is that the feature exists, that it wasn’t opt-in... rather than criticism of its lack of correct... algorithms?    Not according to the article(s) you linked to.  The FIRST specified complaint listed is that the calorie counts are estimates. (Paragraph 1 in the article on The Verge mentions just that there was "strong user feedback". Paragraph 2 states that Google's tool would estimate calorie use. Paragraph 3 repeated that it was an estimate, and that Google didn't specify how it was estimating. Then, "Users also pointed out that the information could be triggering for people with eating disorders."  So, the poor calorie estimation is mentioned first as a complaint, and then it says that people also had other potential concerns.   In the TechCrunch article where The Verge got its information, it's actually in the headline itself: "Google Maps ditches automatic calorie estimates after users say it’s not helpful and even potentially harmful"  The calorie *estimates* are not helpful. And also potentially harmful.

	Score: 41
		At the risk of sounding insensitive -  I'm curious where we as a society are going to draw the line when it comes to bearing other people's burdens.  I feel sorry for people with that issue but surely there must be a line somewhere that people's personal issues are their own crosses to bear.

	Score: 37
		[deleted]

	Score: 34
		That just means his body's daily energy expenditure is above 6,000 calories, then. And people who don't lose weight by eating less are simply still eating too much for what their body burns in a day. Most of the time their estimation of their TDEE is way off, OR their estimated calorie intake is way off.  You cannot create energy out of nothing.

	Score: 33
		[deleted]

	Score: 32
		>  It boggles me that there are people who think this way.  Mostly fat people. Which is kind of the problem. 

	Score: 31
		∆. I previously had only mild wariness of this kind of censoring behavior, but your breakdown of emotional damage made me understand how important it is to distinguish instances of people being hurt. I also think your presentation of this doing more harm to the significantly larger audience that would have used the feature is compelling; that is to say, that there is a net negative for the people losing out, not just an "oh well."

	Score: 30
		Ironically, your complete misunderstanding of the science makes it seem more like a religion than anything else. If you eat less energy than you expend, you will lose energy and therefore lose weight. You cannot create energy from nothing, and if you *still* disagree, take it up with the Laws of Thermodynamics. 



CMV: Americans should stop using the term "hero" to describe those who enlist in the military.
=======================================

	Score: 272
		Calling soldiers "heroes" automatically is actually a relatively new concept, and it was a reaction to the shame Americans felt in the decades after the end of the Vietnam war when people realized that in the battle against that evil war, and in the anger over horrific incidents like [My Lai](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/My_Lai_Massacre), a lot of vietnam veterans got treated absolutely HORRIFICALLY.  Remember - there was a draft. Most people didn't choose to go to Vietnam, and most people did not participate in killing women and children. Yet when they returned, Vietnam veterans were spit on, screamed at, and not given proper care or support for ptsd. Many wound up with heroin dependencies they picked up in Southeast Asia, and many wound up homeless.  Eventually people looked at this situation and realized punishing soldiers for the sins of the politicians and the generals is simply not fair.  This, added to the hyper-patriotism that permeated the air post-9/11 led to all soldiers being called heroes by default.  I'm not saying that's right, but you need to understand the context why this happened, and why one must be careful to push back lest you wind up with what happened post-Vietnam.

	Score: 116
		Army vet here.  Take this with a grain of salt, as I'm not a completely unbiased source of information:    I fixed helicopters when I was in, did 2 tours in Iraq.  I wasn't an infantryman.  I wasn't a medic, or even a combat engineer.  I wasn't an airborne ranger, a special forces scout sniper, hell, if you'd have asked any of the men and women in my company if they would have considered themselves heroes they would have probably looked at you like you grew a third eyeball or something.    What I DO know is, that without us, the helicopters wouldn't fly.  If the helicopters didn't fly, you had no Blackhawk to evacuate the wounded.  If a forward position saw an enemy with big guns or a tank a mile off, they couldn't call in an Apache to take it out.  If a medical clinic ran out of bandages and morphine, they couldn't easily get more unless they were attached to a pretty good sized runway.  If you needed to relocate your artillery or heavy equipment, you wouldn't have a Chinook to slingload your stuff anywhere, in theater, in a half hour's notice.   So, while we weren't on the front line, and I still don't consider MYSELF a hero, we had a very important job to do.  Similar to something a civilian contractor could do, sure; but we were also expected to, after one of our frequent mortar or rocket attacks, get out of the bunkers and defend our position (and the lives of our brothers and sisters, and the contractors) with our lives if necessary to prevent the enemy from taking and using our own stuff against us.  In the Marines it's preached that every Marine, regardless of their "job" is a rifleman first, in the Army it was the same thing.    We all did rotations on guard duty as well.  Nothing heroic or glamorous really, but SOMEBODY had to stay awake and watch the walls so the Soldiers who'd been kicking in the Taliban's doors all day could take a nap before their next patrol.    Just my 2 cents.  Again, I'M not a hero, but I had the distinct pleasure of serving alongside the real heroes, helping to protect them and the civilians of the greatest country on Earth.  I'd do it again in a heartbeat, and to this day I still would not hesitate to lay down my life to defend them, or you, or everything that is good and pure about this most exceptional and wonderful nation.  

	Score: 114
		This will be hard to change without knowing exactly how *you* define the word "hero".  I use it to me "someone that risks themselves to protect or save other people". Everyone in the military is at a certain degree of risk, though not all are equal. And the purpose of the military, in extremis, is to be available to protect the entire country (just because it isn't always used that way doesn't change that part of its mission).   So by my definition, most if not all military people are "heroes" to a greater or lesser degree. Same with firefighters. Most police, too... to the point where it's worth defaulting to that assumption. 

	Score: 45
		It's interesting that I hold the same view as you, but for different reasons. I object to using the term hero, as well as other overly positive terms, to refer to our military because I am repulsed by the glorification of war it hints at, and the way in which it seems to encourage others to join such a "heroic" institution. Like you, I believe there are many heroes in the armed forces who have acted selflessly to save others, etc... Generally speaking, however, I feel that America's obsession with our troops is super unhealthy. Why aren't diplomats who negotiate treaties that potentially prevent any conflict considered just as much heroes. Granted, you could argue they never put their own life on the line, but, as you pointed out, many in the military don't either, and diplomatic missions have been shown to not be entirely safe either (*cough* Benghazi).  Furthermore, I would argue that (most of the time) the idea our military is there to protect the people is simply fallacious in today's world. The concept of a warrior as heroic stems from the idea that he/she puts their life on the line to protect his people and his country. In the case of the US, this was probably still true up until the latter 20th century. Nowadays though, our military activity has quite little to do with actually protecting our domestic soil. Does your average citizen in America really feel under immediate threat? So much so that we feel the actions of our military deserve to be called heroic? I don't personally think so... I apologize to all the vets out there if what I say seems to diminish the valour of their actions - let's be clear; signing up for the military is extremely brave regardless, a plethora of individual acts on the battlefield (and off) are heroic, but there is nothing heroic about the modern state of warfare and the US's uses of such. Thus, the men and women who are part of that institution aren't necessarily heroes in my mind.

	Score: 43
		In my book, a hero is someone who goes above and beyond. A shop keeper who sees a kid about to be hit by a car, runs over, grabs the kids and possible gets hit himself in the process.   He didn't need to do it, it wasn't his job, but he did it anyway.  I think for me, being a hero requires doing more than your job. A firefighter isn't a hero just because he saves someone from a fire, but a bystander who does, could be. At least if those whose job it is to save the people from the burning building haven't arrived yet.  A country needs those who protect it, so calling a soldier a hero is very good for that narrative. I don't think they're heroes - they've just chosen a career path.   Disclaimer: not from the us.

	Score: 41
		I've had this same discussion with other service members, and the general consensus from most of them was that we don't necessarily see ourselves as heroes. At a certain point it becomes a job, just like any other.   On the flip side I can tell you as an active duty infantry Marine with two combat tours in Iraq, every other job I've had since, and every job I'll ever have is a cake walk compared to it.   The example you use of a hero, throwing yourself on a grenade, is an iconic one. It's what many did to earn the Medal of Honor. But I've seen just as many noncombat personnel do heroic things. It isn't specifically the action that sets them apart as heroes, but the setting.   Only about 7.3% of the living U.S. Population has served in the military. All veterans and active duty. For comparison only .4% is active duty. And they're all volunteers. Yeah, some of them might be signing up to clerks, or cooks, or drivers. But when you're deployed? Bases get mortared. Convoys get hit. it isn't so much the job as the willingness to put yourself in harms way to protect everything that is America.   That willingness to voluntarily give up your own self agency for the sake of everyone else is brave. Does everybody do it out of the same motivation or the same end goal in mind? No. Do some people not live up to that ideal? Of course. But at the end of the day I don't think this:  >a person who is admired for great or brave acts or fine qualities   sums up anything other than somebody willing and able to give their all for their country. 

	Score: 38
		I agree generally with your premise. A few people deserve the moniker; the word loses all meaning if all servicepeople are heroes by virtue of enlisting. I'd like to add that in addition to valor in combat, there are other ways that someone can be a hero.  Namely, standing up for what is right. I think the act of voting against the Iraq war was heroic, because the overwhelming majority were in favor but a tiny minority of Congresspeople believed they were being strung along on deception and faulty premises (a belief that would be validated over time) and decided to vote no. It takes serious guts to stand against a majority, and in this case, millions of human beings' lives were on the line.  I would imagine there must be other unglamorous or hidden acts of heroism. A quartermaster/analyst who finds an oversight in the supply chain, and discovers everyone is too lazy to do anything about it. And stands up, gets in the face of the person in charge until something is done. For even though that act may not save a single life, that person's belief in the organization and dedication to the outfit as a whole is extremely admirable. And in the final tally, who knows how the smallest of clerical details may shape a conflict? Supply lines are everything. "An army marches on its stomach."  Or, though it is fictional, the military attorneys in A Few Good Men, pressing a difficult case against an officer who is committing illegal acts. The military does not take kindly to accusing its officers of wrongdoing. But as Abu Ghraib and many other instances demonstrate, they are capable of terrible acts, and hopefully we have legal officers willing to prosecute and uphold justice.  Or maybe even amongst soldiers, there is someone who witnesses a soldier raping another soldier, or raping a noncombatant, or committing a war crime. The act of turning that soldier in is a heroic act to me, because it risks the scorn of the group, and group cohesion is everything is combat. But it is ultimately the right thing to do.  Or a commander who refuses what he or she considers an unlawful order. Or stands up to an incompetent/reckless commanding officer. Or just refuses to launch the damn nukes and I don't care what the computers say. We are alive right now because a Soviet officer did this in the 80's.  Or a general that stands up to the White House, or Congress, and says, "This is a bad idea. I will not do it." There are countless reasons that we should not be involved in the conflicts we're in, and if more high-ranking officers had said Hell No instead of focusing on their own selfish career motives, we might have avoided some serious mistakes that utterly destroyed certain regions and generated resistance movements in others.  I know you didn't specifically say "All heroism is valor in combat," but I just wanted to describe what I consider some other acts of heroism.

	Score: 38
		There's data to show a very large majority of them kicked their heroin habit upon returning to the US. They no longer needed such an overwhelmingly powerful coping mechanism because they transitioned to a comparitively calm and safe environment.

	Score: 34
		Actually many people wind up in the military because they have no viable alternatives. For more info look up the rates of recruitment by income and educational status.

	Score: 27
		I can't tell if you're saying that they were never spit on, or if you're saying they were never treated horribly.   I don't think you need to be physically spit on to be treated horribly. It may be more of a figure of speech.   Either way, to assert that it never happened seems unfair. Imagine being a Vietnam veteran, fighting in a shitty war, coming home to a country that didn't want you back, only to read this comment saying "never even happened."

	Score: 21
		>It is heroic to voluntarily put yourself at risk for the protection of your country and its interests.  That's just the thing, they're not all putting themselves at risk. Many people who enlist never see a day of combat in their lives. There are people who sit at desks and fill out paperwork all day, There are military lawyers. Mechanics who work on vehicles. All sorts of people who's lives are no more on the line than that of an average citizen.  >Your opinion that they are all evil rapists by default is toxic.  I think you're misunderstanding what my point was here. I wasn't saying that they should all be treated like they've committed some sort of horrendous crime, just that it's understood there is a possibility that they have. I think it's mostly a bad idea to say that all of those of a particular profession are 100% good or 100% bad. You shouldn't jump to conclusions and say that someone is immediately a good person due to their profession.

	Score: 21
		I'm not saying people in the military don't have important positions that are difficult to fulfill, just that they're not all heroic. I have no problem admitting that there are many admirable people in the military who do hard work. I do have a problem with calling all of those admirable people doing hard work "heroes".  

	Score: 18
		There is a difference between assuming someone is innocent and assuming they are heroic. Sure, the man who enlisted and spends his time from 9-5 every day filing papers at his desk job may not have done anything wrong, but he hasn't done anything heroic either. To lump him in with those who spend their days disarming bombs and taking bullets for others is detracting from the heroism of said individuals.

	Score: 17
		Seems like the whole crux of this issue is how you define "hero" and "heroic" and that you are using comparative assumptions to decide who is a hero and who isn't.  To me my dad was, and to some extent still is, my hero.  To you he would just be another guy.  I think it is next to impossible to try to tell someone else what their standard for "hero" should be, and who qualifies for that extension.    In regard to this particular issue, I think it is safe to say that when most people refer to the military as "heroes" they are referring to the collective armed forces.  In this case I think it is safe to say that the men and women who put their life on the line and risk their personal health and safety to protect me and my way of life would qualify as a group to be heroes.  Again, if you break it down to individuals it becomes completely subjective and not worth debating.

	Score: 16
		Firefighters and soldiers don't have to do what they do. They could have chosen a completely different career. It's the fact that they *chose* to do what they do that makes them heros. 

	Score: 15
		http://www.alternet.org/story/52233/the_making_of_an_american_soldier%3A_why_young_people_join_the_military  There have been documentaries done on the subject as well. 

	Score: 14
		>And they're all volunteer   Would you say anyone working any job that's not a slave is a volunteer? Being a volunteer implied they don't get paid. 

	Score: 14
		No, I dont think so. It makes them slaves. To me, a hero does something above amd beyond the call of duty. Intense acts of valor or courage, or facing imminent harm for another.   The guy who jumps on a grenade, or dives into a frozen river after a chils is a "hero". The guy who enlists, for the right reasons, is "honorable". 

	Score: 13
		[removed]

	Score: 12
		There's some good research (like the Rat Park experiment) that shows in general, whether or not someone is able to kick a drug addiction is highly dependent on their environment. 



CMV: Britain is royally screwed.
=======================================

	Score: 614
		Disclaimer: I'm American and probably don't know what I'm talking about.   First of all that's not how trading works. Right now it's chaos because the UK is a sovereign nation now and needs to forge new trade agreements. This will include EU countries because the EU won't embargo/boycott/whatever the UK because it would damage the economy for the EU more.   Secondly now that the UK has the agency to negotiate the new trade agreements they might come out on top and be more prosperous economically.  Thirdly this will hopefully be seen to the EU as a sort of reality check that they are not headed in a direction that is universally agreeable. This gives them a chance to improve themselves.  edit: I'm sorry I don't have time to reply to everyone replying to this comment. I would just like to reiterate that my point is that independence from the EU isn't inherently bad. It could pay off, or it might not - What's important is that the UK has given itself the freedom to try.

	Score: 444
		Two words: Greek Debt.  The Greek debt situation has been shoved under the rug because of concerns about scaring brits, but the issue is still there and unresolved.  Greece is not paying its debts in full, and no amount of austerity can make it happen. Greece needs serious reforms that it is unwilling to do, and years of austerity and recession have lead to a massive brain drain that closed the door to its future. And the fun never stops. First Greece, then Italy, Portugal and then Spain.  The problem is the currency union. Weaker economies would historically get an advantage due to better exchange rates that would boost exports and help weak economies compete with strong ones. However with a unified currency, the exchange rate is based on the Eurozone as a whole. This means a strong economy like Germany gets to use the same exchange rate as Greece. Germany gets to use a weaker exchange rate and gets a huge export boost, while Greece is stuck with high exchange rates, high labor costs, and an noncompetitive economy.  Just look at Eurozone Youth unemployment rates (http://www.statista.com/statistics/266228/youth-unemployment-rate-in-eu-countries/), Greece 48.9%, Spain 45.3%, Germany 6.9%.  The Eurozone is going to implode because Germany is robbing the weaker members blind, and the weaker members are too indebted to Germany to say anything about it.

	Score: 341
		It could be argued that UK had a negative role in EU because they didn't want to be part of it/had different interests since day 1 and slowed down or stopped many reforms that were direly needed) or that it will act as wake-up call for EU and in the long run EU could eventually be functionning better.  Now if Britain starts functionning like Norway and Switzerland (so not in EU but not really out of it) and EU is going better, then everybody will gain in the long run  But I don't know the future and while I hope that this is what will happen, I can't convince you or anyone that this will happen for sure and it's probably only wishful thinking.

	Score: 302
		The devil's advocate here, I was against UK leaving.  The main issue is that EU is becoming something else than what we have in our heads. It is slow, large, bureaucratic and the way they drive the integration seemingly brings a lot of bad economical influence, see all the bailouts.  In the end I think, Europe should be unified in some form, it may not be the EU as it is now, UK leaving triggered other countries like France and Netherlands to consider leaving. This should trigger a wave of reforms in Eu and may turn out to be good for EU, and EU needs some serious reforms.  Since both UK and Europe needs each other, even though officially UK is not in EU now, they will maintain their influence, indirectly but they will. And vice versa. If they like what EU is offering they will do the same and they are free to ignore it and they are out of reach of EU court.  So, not much changes, exchange will get back and stabilize, this is usual post trauma market reaction, no EU dictate, EU pushed to do reforms. 

	Score: 212
		>today the pound has dropped 13% in value.  The pound was already far more powerful than the Euro and the Dollar. That's why you guys never adopted the Euro in the first place. So point one is that, even if it drops 13% you're still a powerful economy, and it's not as though your country can't recover. Which leads me to point number 2. Money trading is just like the stock market. Investors are skittish, because they want to make investing (which is gambling) not _feel like_ gambling. So the slightest scare in their emotional hearts gets them to pull out of otherwise totally fine investments, like the British pound. What's worse is that the smart investors notice the skittish ones and pull out, too, but only so they can buy back the stuff at the much lower price. It happens in every stock or currency market all over the world. However in the long run it's just a blip where the stuff changes hands quickly and the long-run value stays on its normal course, which for England, is up.  >meaning we will likely still have to trade with the EU under EU regulations.  Sure, but you'll get to trade with the US, Russia, and literally every other country on earth according to your own rules. Moreover, it's not like the EU will penalize your country for leaving: France, the Netherlands, and Germany have all considered it, too, and they're the backbone of the whole thing. It's not like you just declared war on them, you just didn't want to be roommates anymore. They still have a lot to lose from not trading with the UK, but now you can trade with other people without their say so in your affairs.  >Cameron (who I'm not a fan of) has stepped down, meaning we could potentially end up with the second unelected prime minister in my lifetime.  So? Cameron shouldn't have been there in the first place if he was going to throw a hissy fit for not getting his way.   The main point is this: the EU was presented as a fairly low-commitment treaty between European nations. You get to have a trading block to collectively bargain against countries like the US. You get a single currency so you're not going to have to mess around with Deutschmarks or Franks or Kroner or whatever other bullshit your neighbors call money, and you get a single passport so you can go to the country next to you without a visa or border guards or whatever other bullshit used to be there. It was presented as a petty bullshit minimizer, and people all over Europe bought into it, and rightly so. But that's not what it turned into. It gradually became a rhetorical "out" for entrenched politicians to excuse their laziness in taking care of internal national issues. Now there's a balance of political power (because money is always tied to power, and big trade agreements require both) residing in the hands of people associated with the trade block, not the people. It's become a lumbering bureaucracy that can't be held accountable to any national body: in essence a bullshit contributor. If at any point the bullshit added to your country's life exceeds the bullshit solved by being in the EU, then the rational choice is to leave.  This isn't to say that it was ultimately a good choice: self-determination is a risky endeavor. But it is enough to say that rational people can hold the opinion that leaving the EU is not a terrible unadulterated evil.

	Score: 186
		!delta  My view isn't changed by much, but I'm calming down a little knowing that this may be more complicated than Britain shooting itself in the foot.

	Score: 133
		But look what's replacing him. I wouldn't trust Boris Johnson to run a barbershop, let alone a country.

	Score: 132
		To offer a different perspective, this is an issue about self determination.   The vote has a lot of causes, some of it largely misdirected backlash against the ruling party and some of it more rational. Many of the EU trade agreements have been arguably harsh on the middle class, and the refugees are an obvious face to the issue that the UK can't say no. They can't turn away refugees, they have EU obligations and problems of nations over the channel and south of Europe spill over as a result.   Perhaps in 30 years a new generation will be in majority and what's left of the UK will vote to rejoin. Perhaps this will be a wake up call to apathetic young voters, that if you don't go out and make yourself heard you shouldn't expect to win. Maybe it will be a wake up call for the EU that there are people discontent with the current situation; so discontent that a major power just left.  Something changed for once, and it will hurt in the short term certainly, but it may be for the best in the long run. Only time will really tell. 

	Score: 117
		The UK was independent from Europe for nearly 300 years before joining the EU. You've fought in existential wars against Napoleon, Herr Kaiser and Hitler himself.       People in the EU still want to trade with you. You still want to trade with them. Nothing stops you from doing so on mutually agreed terms.      You'll be fine.  

	Score: 116
		As an IN voter, the people who seem to be shocked that the pound dropped make me laugh. It'll be all up in the air for a couple of months, chill. 

	Score: 110
		> I voted remain.  I could have voted, but I left 13 years ago, and now live in Australia.  I don't have a dog in the fight, so didn't vote.  > My concern is that today the pound has dropped 13% in value.  So, exports will increase, because stuff from the UK gets cheaper.  That's good for domestic car manufacturers and the jobs that flow on from that.  > We have no other trade agreements outside of the EU,  Negotiate new ones.  Britain has 64 million people, and people want to sell stuff to you.  > We haven't lost dependence on the EU but we have lost our say in those events.  More importantly, the EU Parliament, and EU Court can't overrule the UK anymore.  You have more say in the future, not a bunch of others.  > second unelected prime minister in my lifetime.  Here in Australia, I think we've had 5 PMs in 7 years. (We have actually lost count).  The World goes on.  >  I'm very worried right now and would appreciate some help to see the bright side of this,  > preferably about some issue other than immigration   * Britain isn't "on its own".  Europe and Britain will continue to trade with each other. * The whole dialogue in the Europe now changes.  Germany and France are the heart of Europe. You've now called their bluff, and they're going to have problems supporting the rest of Europe on their own. * Greece now comes back into the picture, and potentially other countries who've had enough of being told what to do. * Europeans and people from other countries will continue to migrate into Britain.  The difference is that now you get to choose who comes in.  When Angela Merkel invites the whole of Syria to her country, and then changes her mind a week later, she's actually inviting them all to the UK too.  Angela Merkel doesn't speak for the UK anymore.  She can handle the disaster that she created.  > It feels a little like the public have been misled, fearmongered and undereducated on the issue against their best interests.  It appears that the 'working classes' voted to leave.  They want their job security back, even if there is a short term re-alignment.  The people fearmongering are the multi-national companies who want "one way globalisation" that benefits only them.  Big companies want free trade for them, and to pay you less, and take away your rights.  You now get to renegotiate terms.  So now just get on with it - get on with building a better Britain.  Your international neighbours will still speak to you. 

	Score: 83
		Positives:  * just got cheaper for Anericans and Japanese to buy British exports or hire British workers or visit Britain (tourism etc.) * David Cameron is resigning

	Score: 77
		HE COULDN'T RUN A BATH!

	Score: 73
		> even though officially UK is not in EU now  Just pointing out that UK is still a part of the EU. As I understand, it was a non binding referendum that still has to be ratified and pushed through UK parliament, then sent to EU itself. None of which has happened yet. 

	Score: 73
		Hahaha, you also just gave the delta to the person who told you how to do it, not the person who changed your view. You might want to go edit your first comment. 

	Score: 66
		The old get older and stuck in their ways. The arrogance of the old is to assume they know best just because they have a "lifetime of experience," a majority of which may be completely irrelevant to the current issues. Besides, young people also get to learn from the experience of older people. It's foolish to assume being older equates to being wiser.

	Score: 62
		We performed all those achievements when Britain was still a superpower, which we haven't been for some time. We've basically been living on our nostaligia and reputation, plus London's financial services sector, for the past 40 odd years. We're going to struggle to hold our own Union together at this rate, let alone something that spans continents.

	Score: 58
		Wasn't there a point made that the UK is incredibly poor at stopping unpopular reforms in the EU? Something like a 0 for 72 record when voting no?

	Score: 57
		From someone who voted to Remain: We'll live. Honestly, it's about time we got taken down a notch or two. We're not a major world power anymore and if isolationism is what people want, well, they'll get the country they deserve.  The country isn't going to fall apart just because we're not part of the E.U. - but things might suck for a while. If it turns out we made a mistake, we could join again. Maybe the process will give us a bit of well-deserved humility.  I think people will wake up and realise we're not the centre of the world anymore. Maybe that on its own, a bit of perspective, will help us grow back stronger in time. Things will be tough, but I don't think we're going to go down the shitter.

	Score: 57
		I mean they did change his viewpoint on how to properly award deltas...



CMV: Reddit should hide the scores of posts until the user has voted for themselves.
=======================================

	Score: 386
		Moderators already have the ability to implement a system that largely eliminates the *bandwagon effect*. They can: 1) Put a certain post in "contest mode," which randomizes the order in which top-level comments are distributed and hides the scores until the post is removed from "contest mode." 2) The other option is to hide vote scores for a long period of time. In /r/changemyview the scores are hidden for ~~2-3~~ 24 hours, in other subs it's much longer. /r/NeutralPolitics hides scores for 24 hours!  No additional steps need to be taken here, in my opinion. It's up to the moderators to decide what approach is best for a subreddit.  edit: correction credited to /u/cacheflow  

	Score: 192
		> Just an FYI, CMV hides comment scores for 24 hours as well.  I hate when subreddits do that. It's often interesting to see what readers generally feel about a particular post when you're reading it ...  EDIT: Just in case anyone is curious, this post has 108 points so far, so obviously a lot of people agree with me.

	Score: 188
		Just an FYI, CMV hides comment scores for 24 hours as well.

	Score: 107
		That isn't how the psychology works. When you click, you've decided what you think. If afterwards you change due to bandwagoning, you are forced to confront that is what you are doing.  The point isn't to make bandwagoning impossible, just to make it a little less frequent.

	Score: 81
		If its on top its upvoted. If it has lots of positive responses it is upvoted. 

	Score: 58
		Ignoring the already mentioned facts that different subreddits have different hiding functions already, you are missing one of the core issues.  Reddit is a MAJORITY lurkers, and of those who are signed in, they won't vote on the majority of comments and posts they view. According to an admittedly old post from the admins [80% of users are lurkers](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/bg7b8/what_percentage_of_redditors_are_lurkers/c0mm7yy)  The top posts will still be pushed up to the top. Its' not that hard to tell which posts and comments are getting up-voted, especially early on, based on the order of the comments.  The top posts will still get the majority of up-votes.  The only way to actually prevent the hive mind mentality and hide relative voting is a form of randomizing, which has its own set of issues.  If you randomize the order of the comments/posts for lurkers, you break the primary feature of reddit for lurkers of only seeing the best content and top posts.  It makes Reddit overall less effective and efficient for the majority of users  Thus Vote hiding does nothing for Reddit's majority user base.  Edit for clarity

	Score: 53
		> It lets you get a general idea of how it's received by the whole of the readers who look at it  This is wrong and you should *really* rethink this. What it actually does is let you get a general idea of how it's received by *the people who were moved to bother voting*. Think about how many comments you read vs how many you vote on.

	Score: 47
		You're saying that after someone votes it shows the score of what they voted on?  So following the hive-mind mentality you mentioned, I could just randomly vote to see the score and adjust my vote accordingly. Which defeats the entire purpose of hiding scores until you vote.

	Score: 37
		> If it has lots of positive responses it is upvoted.  I've seen plenty of posts heavily upvoted but all the comments are decrying how it's a stupid post.

	Score: 28
		Exactly. Seeing a highly upvoted comment frames the comment as "good comment" before you even get a chance to read it, regardless of your opinion on it. It's the same for downvoted comments.   It's basic psychology that's employed by people who administer surveys professionally. It's all about framing the question with the answer in mind.

	Score: 28
		I think this is kind of an irrelevant point because the people who don't vote don't really care about the matter at hand.  Sure you can argue the users without accounts, but you've got to draw a line somewhere.  The only time I can think of me voting on a comment I don't really care about it is when I see that shit where people downvote something just because they don't agree with it.

	Score: 25
		Randomizing is used as a feature to make vote-hiding actually effective, otherwise you can still infer the hive-mind mentality based on relative position. I already laid out why vote hiding without randomizing is ineffective.  Thus i was addressing the case where randomizing IS used.

	Score: 25
		It lets you get a general idea of how it's received by the whole of the readers who look at it and why it might be that way.

	Score: 24
		> Why not widespread rather than just at the disposal of the moderators?  Because different subreddits serve different purposes. Hiding scores on something like /r/crappydesign is pointless. That sub doesn't exist to spread knowledge or discussion, it's there for users to post shitty designs they find in real life and joke about it.  Hiding scores is more useful if it's implemented in subreddits that exist for discussion, in my opinion. Ultimately, it's the moderators who get to decide what kind of "atmosphere" they want in a subreddit. They have many methods of achieving this: rules, mod teams, voting schemes, etc.

	Score: 18
		First off, I think it's good that you mention that moderators have control over this. As was mentioned in another comment, different subreddits serve different purposes and it doesn't make sense to make a blanket-change to the voting system.  As for your points:  1) Contest mode isn't optimal. Some comments get downvoted because they are troll comments, or don't provide input to the discussion in any way. OP's suggestion of hiding votes before you cast yours wouldn't change how you vote if said comment is pretty objectively out of place or inappropriate.  2) To me, hiding scores would be somewhat of a half-measure. Yes, you wouldn't be able to see how many up/downvotes a comment has, but Reddit still displays the highest-voted comments at the top, and the lowest-voted at the bottom. So, even though I have no idea *how many* people like your comment, I can still see that a majority of people like it, which doesn't alleviate any bias I may have toward Reddit's bandwagon.

	Score: 18
		not necessarily; I've written paragraph responses without giving enough of a shit to vote in a thread, I doubt it's a unique mindset. 

	Score: 17
		They said that if it has a lot of positive responses it's upvoted, not that if it has a lot of negative responses it's not upvoted. I've seen a lot of posts like what you mentioned, but I hardly ever see a post that has a lot of positive comments not highly upvoted.

	Score: 13
		That's definitely abusing the spirit of the system. That could easily counteracted by making the votes unchangeable, but I don;t think that would be necessary.

	Score: 13
		I do this almost all the time. I rarely vote. I have a lot of lengthy comments, and it doesn't matter if I agree or disagree with the comments I am replying to, I often do not vote. Partly it's just because voting is something I don't think about doing but also I don't feel it adds anything. If I have something to say, voting doesn't say anything extra on top of what I'm going to say if I'm making a reply.   If I'm not going to make a reply, there's various reasons as to why that is. Either I don't care that much, in which case, I also have no reason to vote. I may not reply because I don't feel like engaging in a chain of comments with someone or effort/time, or I don't feel I can add anything from lack of knowledge and voting would be irresponsible. The other reasoning being there is nothing to add, if say there was a question and an adequate answer is provided, then that's the end of that really. Otherwise I don't feel most comments deserve votes, not because I don't care, but because I treat it more as a regular forum of discussion. Only when a comment highlights an idea that I feel is heavily underrepresented or a comment that is of above ordinary quality do I tend to upvote.

	Score: 12
		I think I'm very similar to you.  I generally do something like this.  **Upvote**      1- Great comment that eloquently translates my feelings in a way better than I could have said it.      2- The comment made me laugh hard.  Not, "Oh that's humorous", but an audible laugh that makes someone near me ask what's so funny.     3- I see someone legitimately contributing to discussion, but being downvoted because the circle-jerk disagrees.      4- If I ask a question and receive an answer, usually as a "Thanks" since Reddit seems to hate just saying "Thank you".  I always get told that's what upvotes are for.  **Downvote**      1- Obvious trolling.     2- Someone responding with blatant misinformation.  Otherwise I don't really vote.  I've never understood the idea that some people have to vote on every comment they see, but it's a common theme you see in the comments and sometimes posts.  Someone mentioning the vote on every post and the voting is for agree/disagree.  I'm wondering if it's an age thing (I'm 33).  That said, I really like what I've read about Voat's voting system, but I've never bothered to visit it.  I also think discussion would be much more interesting if votes were handled like currency.  Like if you could only vote in a sub based on your comment score.  That way karma would actually mean something and users couldn't just mindlessly vote.  Unidan wouldn't gave been able to manipulate votes if the system worked like this.



CMV: Donald Trump's blatant use of his position to promote the businesses of himself and his family/punish those that go against is unethical and should be an impeachable offense.
=======================================

	Score: 337
		As far as I know, a high ranking official doesn't get impeached unless they've done something illegal. So until he starts participating in some kind of criminal activity, I don't see how or why he'd be impeached. Is his backing of his business ventures while in the White House unethical? Probably, but I definitely don't think it's illegal and something the legislative branch can punish him for.

	Score: 193
		In my view, you simply cannot "stand up for your daughter" when you are in the position of POTUS and doing so means blasting a company on social media for making a business decision. When you hold this immense amount of power, you have to know when something is appropriate and when it is not. In this case it's not, as it would entail interfering with said company's business by affecting their stock price and potentially consumer base (I.e. Boycotts). When he took office, he sacrificed his ability to do so. 

	Score: 188
		The difference there is those were criticisms that the business was doing something bad for the country, trump is criticizing that is it harming his family.  The latter is more personal. That is why trumps criticisms of Carrier or Ford and such are not being judged as potential conflicts of interest.   Not sure if it is impeachable unless there is some direct tie to Trumps finances, which would require investigation. But it is different from what Obama did. 

	Score: 165
		Proof that the business decision was not based on actual business sales? 

	Score: 142
		Unfortunately, this is mostly true. My argument is that it should be illegal and a punishable offense. It's essentially corruption.

	Score: 136
		Strictly speaking, they already are. Impeachment includes "high crimes and misdemeanors" which essentially means that Congress can impeach the President for anything questionable if they choose to.   The problems with impeachment that you describe are not the limit of when it can be applied, but by the fact that Congress has to make the determinations for impeachment to take place. 

	Score: 135
		The structure of the Constitution is the problem with your view.  Ultimately, anything Congress decides is an impeachable offense is an  impeachable offense.  And, conversely, anything Congress *doesn't* decide is an impeachable offense is not an impeachable offense.  In other words, the *only* impeachable offense is pissing off Congress enough.   If Trump's shenanigans piss off Congress enough to exceed the value they see from having a complete buffoon of their party in the President's chair, they will impeach him. That's the only way that will happen.   And... good luck with that. 

	Score: 115
		I see your point about free speech, but they came out and said they were doing it simply because of sales. Now whether that is true or not, I don't know. But it's not trump's place to intervene. Also, saying Trump cares about freedom of speech is laughable after his treatment of the press. 

	Score: 97
		So he's not allowed to express his feelings about companies and their business decisions? That seems pretty extreme to me. I mean, Obama criticized Fox News countless times for airing news he deemed "destructive" . He also criticized American businesses that made a business decision to move out of the US. Don't you think his criticism of these companies he didn't agree with affect their stock prices? If it did at all, then by your standards Obama should have been impeached too for corruption.  I would like Trump out of the White House too, but threatening impeachment because the President expressed his disagreement with a company's business decisions seems like a dangerous precedent.

	Score: 94
		I agree that corruption should be punishable but what has he done that is corrupt? His actions could be seen as someone standing up for his daughter, it just so happens that someone is the POTUS.

	Score: 88
		Yeah they even said it wasn't selling

	Score: 71
		He did this. Spicer talked about how it was an attack on the Trump family. He also sent Conway out. She blatantly said to go buy Ivanka's stuff. 

	Score: 63
		https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/5/2635.702  I believe it is against the law.   "An employee shall not use his public office for his own private gain, for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise, or for the private gain of friends, relatives, or persons with whom the employee is affiliated in a nongovernmental capacity, including nonprofit organizations of which the employee is an officer or member, and persons with whom the employee has or seeks employment or business relations."    She is appearing in interviews as part of her job, as a surrogate for Trump. So as she is performing her duties (acting as an employee), it matters.   Consider how a coach, in his press conference after a game, is not allowed to say certain things, like against the referees. 

	Score: 49
		Boycotts are the result of many people electing to do so on their own free will.  In a similiar sense, Obama called Kanye West an asshole as a personal opinion, which likely affected Kanye negatively in some way. Is that also unethical of Obama?

	Score: 46
		But his tweets have been shown to affect company stocks. And just because it's not in law does not mean it's not ethical. 

	Score: 45
		This is it. It's not just pissing off Congress enough is an impeachable offense, it is pissing off the folks who elect Congress.  Especially if you live in a red state, calling your congressfolk could have a real impact. If the Republicans start to see Trump as a liability, the rest begins to fall into place.

	Score: 42
		They did say it was because of sales, but I doubt Trump believes them. And you're right Trump doesn't care about freedom of speech, he cares about the silencing of his views and those who share them. I'm just trying to get you to see from his point of view, as messed up as that may be. As far as I can tell, he thinks he's fighting for the first amendment, not more money in the already gigantic Trump fortune. And if he believes that he's fighting for freedom of speech, which I'm sure he does, then it is his place to intervene.

	Score: 41
		So when Kellyanne Conway goes on Fox to say "Buy Ivanka's stuff" that isn't using her position to promote Ivanka? http://www.cnn.com/videos/cnnmoney/2017/02/09/kellyanne-conway-nordstrom-ivanka-nr.cnn

	Score: 34
		He also retweeted it from his POTUS account

	Score: 34
		What prejudice? Nordstrom's has a right to control their own inventory. If they choose not to stock Ivanka's line due to poor sales or political motivations that's their right. She doesn't have a right to have her clothing line stocked in any store.



CMV: Having sexual preferences excluding transgender people is not transphobic
=======================================

	Score: 750
		In some circumstances, not being attracted to a trans person is probably a result of, at least on a subconscious level, not seeing them as their gender.   If from the very start, you are unattracted to a person purely upon observation, and that person happens to be trans, that is not transphobic. If you were about to have sex and it turns out a person doesn't really have the junk you wanna jangle with, it's not transphobic to no longer desire sex.  If you were attracted to someone, have sex with them, are as satisfied with them as you would with anyone else, and then suddenly your opinion changes upon being informed a person is trans, I would say that is indicative of the underlying belief a trans person is not the gender they identify as.  ____  I should clarify I am not definitely saying it is transphobic or not, I am pointing out what I did above and letting OP (or others) decide if that constitutes transphobia or not under their own interpretations.

	Score: 456
		EDIT: *Please,* before you become the fifteenth person to tell me "but what about producing children!" read [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/7a863h/cmv_having_sexual_preferences_excluding/dp7zvab/) response I wrote hours ago. If you would have the same reaction to a sterile cis member of your preferred sex, it's fertility that defines your disattraction rather than the state of being trans. That's a significantly different statement.  *Original Text*  I think the better route is to acknowledge that while it is transphobic, it is not necessarily unreasonably so. The knowledge that the other person is biologically speaking not your preferred gender/sex might set up a roadblock in your mind, and that's okay. You can't change that, in a "once you see you cannot unsee" kind of way.   But let's take this to the ultimate conclusion, as transition therapies improve to perfection. You've found someone who you think is the perfect match for you. Physically and mentally, they exhibit no signs that they are trans; if you didn't look at the chromosomes, you would never know. If the knowledge that they are trans is the blocker, that's transphobic. It isn't that there are certain traits associated with transgender people that you find unattractive, it's that you can't get over the fact that the person was born a different gender despite the fact that only a laboratory could tell the difference. You're not attracted to the X or Y chromosome, you're attracted to the physical manifestations of those traits which can be imitated through various medical means.  I don't think that would make you a bad person, and I don't think it is unreasonable to have that mental block while still supporting LGBT+ rights. But that doesn't make that action *not* transphobic. 

	Score: 177
		> In some circumstances, not being attracted to a trans person is probably a result of, at least on a subconscious level, not seeing them as their gender.   Aside from how speculative this is, this amounts to shaming someone for turning down unwanted sex.    >If you were attracted to someone, have sex with them, are as satisfied with them as you would with anyone else, and then suddenly your opinion changes upon being informed a person is trans, I would say that is indicative of the underlying belief a trans person is not the gender they identify as.  For starters, you do not dictate to people what their sexuality is.  If upon learning that a person is trans, they simply politely decline more sex, that is not transphobic.  As I said in another reply, if you stretch the definition of 'phobic' to include simply lacking a desire to fuck trans people, then the word becomes meaningless. Look at the horrors of homophobia. That has a lot more going on than a simple lack of desire to fuck them. 

	Score: 149
		Thank you for your input. We seem to agree on nearly all points. However, I don't fully grasp why the use of "know[ledge] that the person was born a different gender" (this is an inaccurate description of transgender people but I understand what you meant to say) in the context of sexual preference is transphobic. Could you clarify?

	Score: 138
		I suppose it is a bit of a divergence from the precise definition you laid out. My reasoning for its inclusion is that it is, by definition, a form of discrimination based on trans status. Perhaps that is not sufficient justification to apply the transphobic label, but let me perhaps dig a little deeper.  In the same way, considering yourself exclusively heterosexual or homosexual means discriminating against the same sex (for hetero) or the opposite sex (for homo) in the selection of a partner. Just like we agreed earlier, this type of discrimination is not necessarily bad. If you've established your sexual orientation, that's fine. But in this case, discrimination based on sex is used as a catch-all for all of the different characteristics that are associated with the genders/sexes. If you're attracted to the female body and not the male one, looking for a sexual partner among males might well be a waste of your time, and vice versa. But it all comes back to the physical characteristics and mannerisms that are associated with being a man or being a woman.  In the case of transgender/transsexual individuals, that line is greatly blurred. I proposed the situation in which you might never know that a person transitioned their gender/sex, yet the simple fact of that transition is the ONLY thing preventing you from being willing to pursue a relationship of some kind with this person. In this scenario, "trans" is not a term that refers to a set of attributes like "man" or "woman" was in the previous paragraph. It only refers to the state of being transgender/transsexual, with no other connotation (because of the hypothetical advancements in transition treatments). You like their appearance, you like their mannerisms, the only thing you dislike (in terms of finding an ideal partner - does not necessarily mean you dislike trans people in general) is their status as trans.   Now, since this does not have any real-world manifestation, I am left to conclude that a probable reason for why you may not wish to enter a relationship is concern for optics (how will others react if they learn you are dating someone trans) or some ingrained sense of "I'm not attracted to trans people" which is false, because clearly you were considering the rest of the assumptions made in this hypothetical. Getting down to that core rationale, is where I believe ingrained transphobia comes into play. The idea that you could fall in love with someone, hear one fact about them, and stop on a dime because you can't accept the thought of it, that is where the phobia is.  Like I said, I don't think a person with that mindset is necessarily a "transphobic" person or discriminates against trans people in other aspects of their life or anything like that. You're under no obligation to continue relationships with anybody for any reason. But the reasoning behind it is mildly archaic.

	Score: 131
		> One's opinion would change because the information about this person lowers one's perception of their sexual value as sexual value is determined by alignment with a person's sexual preferences  This pretty much loops back to the original argument of what precisely makes someone view a trans person not in line with their sexual preferences.   If the criteria not met is reproductive capability, the question becomes whether the person would react identically if a they met an infertile cis woman. Often times the honest answer is no.  If the criteria not met is "being born female" then I think it is clear a person has made a categorical distinction between cis and trans women.  The reason that distinction is made doesn't seem to be one of functionality, why then is it made? 

	Score: 122
		Exactly.   The entire LGBT movement is based on the idea that you can't help what gender you're attracted to and that's okay.   By shaming people who don't want to have sex with someone, you're also actively undermining the entire movement and attacking the very basis on which marriage inequality was overturned.   I disagree with the notion that cis people are held to some unnecessary heightened scrutiny on their preferences. Sexual preference is something you define for yourself.   It should be no one else's business if someone is attracted to trans people or not. And shaming anyone for that is simply unjust. 

	Score: 119
		I resent your expectation that one *must continue to have sex* with someone or be labeled a Bigot or a "transphobe," despite *not wanting to.*  I disagree with shaming people for what they do in bed and who they want to do it with. This is what the entire LGBT movement has stood for, for decades but somehow, fuck all when it comes to cis people?   Gay guys won't have sex with me, but I don't go calling them misogynists for it. That's ridiculous.   I disagree with that double standard. If someone no longer feels that attraction, it's better for all parties to end it.    

	Score: 118
		Hoooboy. I wish I knew why social media has an obsession with all things transgender. Disclaimer: Am trans. Alright, here's my take on it: "Sex is, gender does." That's all anyone really needs to know. Four words, explains it all. The problem has never been the specific parts, but the correlations. The entire premise of what transgender means, is predicated on the separation of sex from gender; That is, detaching from manifest biology, the social implications therein. We want to be freed from the idea that biology alone dictates our experiences socially. Freedom from a forced fate.    To have a sexual preference which excludes transgender individuals is, on this basis, intellectually incoherent. For it to be true, we have to reintroduce that correlation. Which puts us right back where we started: In a gender binary where sex and gender are equivalent. Sexual orientation is literally about preference of genitalia. There's no social expectations included in the definition. It's one person's biology + someone else's biology + consent.    That said, human sexuality is more nuanced than this textbook definition. Most people want more from their sexual partners than just their sexual organs. And thus, social factors re-enter the picture. "I want a woman with big breasts" is a sexual preference. The person stating that probably doesn't mean her brain is in a jar on some mad scientist's table... it's implied the boobies have a consciousness to go with it. So we have *social preferences* as well. And that takes us into gender.   Gender isn't a distinct attribute, contrary to what many SJWs believe. It's a flavoring. It's something *added to something else*. Blue and pink food coloring, if you will. *Gender is the first social division, from which all others fall*. Race? Below gender. Height? Age? All of it -- below gender. Gender colors everything. People don't see it, but for a trans person, like me, it's painful.    I watched a high school graduation where all the girls hugged the person handing out diplomas, and all the guys shook the same person's hand. When I'm waiting in the line of cars at a McDonald's, most men say "I'll have a ..." and most women say "I'd like a..." Gender is nuanced, yet it permeates nearly everything. So it comes as no surprise that people have preferences based on top of it. In fact, very nearly *everybody's* preferences imply a preferred gender.    A man who is athletic is highly prized, especially as people age and their years add on width. But an athletic woman scares the shit out of most men. She will have trouble finding dates. Gender colors everything. So when it's said divorcing sexual preference from gender (ie, the basis for the statement "that's transphobic!"), it's a case of it being technically correct. Which is to say, very nearly entirely wrong.    Unless someone is a vegetable in a hospital bed, they have both a sex and a gender. Most people like fucking other people, not vegetable people. Obligatory bad joke: LGBT take pride in being fruits, not vegetables. As such, attraction more based on social attributes than physical ones. And therein lies the problem. Trans people *can't* escape the correlation between sex and gender. Because it permeates everything, it's the reason so many of us commit suicide. There really is no way out for us.    Ask around, and it quickly becomes apparent that feminine women have a larger dating pool than masculine women. And, feminine men have fewer shots at getting laid than masculine ones. Why? Gender, not sexual, preferences. And when sex doesn't match gender, a smaller dating pool becomes a puddle under an angry sun. I personally don't consider people passing over me because they're not "into that" (as in, genitalia), a phobia. It's a preference, and they simply don't prefer my special blend of herbs and spices. Whether the preference is sex, gender, or a mixture of those things, it remains a preference. It only becomes a phobia when it *frightens* people. That is, they're uncomfortable.    If someone isn't interested in me, but still steps up to the bar with a fiver to order a drink and rubs shoulders with me, that's a preference. If that person walks halfway down the bar when the whole side I'm on is barren to get a drink... that's a phobia. There you go, hope this was helpful.       

	Score: 104
		I must say this has probably been the most interesting CMV chain I've been a part of. I agree that "stop[ping] on a dime" is not likely the real-world reaction to these events unfolding. It's also a bad example considering that if a relationship already existed with that information withheld, there could be some potential trust issues/feelings of deception involved. Not a perfect analogy.  And I think your second paragraph is probably spot-on. I would slightly amend it; I certainly acknowledge that pragmatically, sex/sexual orientation/race/etc certainly can affect how an individual defines the "sexual value" of an individual. I moreso segregate those factors off as "things you theoretically shouldn't pay attention do but might anyway" for various reasons. Whether that classification is fair or not is up for debate, and I definitely see arguments on both sides. The main reason I consider those attributes in a different class is that they are most likely to have a certain amount of interference between what you find intrinsically attractive/unattractive and certain societal/personal prejudices. It can be difficult to separate the two concepts, particularly because nobody wants to admit their own potential prejudices.

	Score: 101
		I like this conclusion ("The main reason I consider those attributes in a different class[...]") and find it appropriately nuanced. Thank you for your willingness to participate as you did. ∆

	Score: 96
		I agree--belief that transgendered people's genders are invalid is transphobic. Such belief would imply transgender people have lesser value. However, I don't believe the example in your third paragraph would be transphobic. One's opinion would change because the information about this person lowers one's perception of their sexual value as sexual value is determined by alignment with a person's sexual preferences. At no point is the holistic value of the person considered. Do you agree or disagree, and why?

	Score: 69
		I appreciate such a detailed response. Let us suggest, for argument's sake, that there is a real-world manifestation of the scenario you described. In this situation, rather than "stop[ing] on a dime" after learning of this person's trans-status (as this seems strangely extreme), you merely find this person of lesser sexual value. It would seem their holistic value has not been considered.  It occurs to me that we may disagree on what qualifies as a characteristic of sexual value. I believe essentially anything does (look no further than the range of fetishes that exist), but I think you might limit these characteristics to physical ones, in which case I agree there would be no reason to be less attracted to a transgender person.

	Score: 46
		> But let's take this to the ultimate conclusion, as transition therapies improve to perfection.  What does this even mean?  I don't think that there is a lot of value in such far-fetched speculation to begin with, but I don't think that it is even hypothetically possible to make a trans woman/man identical to a cis woman/man.  Furthermore, I think that this advances the destructive idea that a trans woman/man is just a broken cis woman/man; with which I do not agree.     > It isn't that there are certain traits associated with transgender people that you find unattractive, it's that you can't get over the fact that the person was born a different gender despite the fact that only a laboratory could tell the difference.  I'm sorry, but this is a rude dictation of another person's sexuality.  How would you feel about others dictating what your sexuality is/isn't or should/shouldn't be.   >But that doesn't make that action not transphobic.   If you stretch the definition of 'phobic' to include simply lacking a desire to fuck trans people, then the word becomes meaningless.  Look at the horrors of homophobia.  That has a lot more going on than a simple lack of desire to fuck them. 

	Score: 45
		So, first off I'm not going to say that anybody's wrong for their sexual preference, or that trying to change who you are attracted to is a reasonable option.  That being said, the reason *why* a sexual preference might exclude transgender people is worth examining. If somebody is perfectly attractive to you, and suddenly unattractive when you learn they are transgender... there's something to unpack there, right? If they're presenting as a person you'd otherwise find attractive and the only thing that makes you consider them unattractive is that they are transgender, it pretty strongly implies you don't consider them "really" their given gender or otherwise "wrong."  Again, I don't think that's necessarily something that can be "fixed", because preferences are pretty difficult to change and built on a ton of different factors. But it's worth examining *why* somebody might act with disgust on realizing somebody who was attractive and indistinguishable from a cis person was actually transgender.

	Score: 38
		Because pretty much *EVERY* status qualifies as a characteristic of sexual value. All turn-offs are valid.

	Score: 36
		That is just incorrect you had sex on a lie quite a big one I might add. If i married someone who never told me they were unable to have kids and there was a reasonable expection of kids being in the picture down the line I would have every right to divorce and stop loving someone who told such a lie or hid the truth.

	Score: 31
		What a ridiculous comparison, honestly. What if I'm attracted to people with green eyes, or blonde hair? Am I allowed to choose people with green eyes or blonde hair to sleep with? YES, lest you label me hair/eyecolourphobic. Am I allowed to hire people based on eye colour or hair colour in a regular office (e.g) job? NO.       See how sexual preference and hiring is not comparable at all in any way?

	Score: 28
		 > is probably a result of, at least on a subconscious level, not seeing them as **their** gender.  I think you are making the mistake that both parties have to see a transgender person in THEIR frame of reference only. I am fine with people identifying to themselves and others that they are female (if genetically XY), but at the same time in ways that are important to me I should not have to feel "bad" for considering them male in many important aspects. Procreation and potentially wanting to have children comes to to mind most of all. In that regard they are still solidly male, and I dont think someone should feel they are being "transphobic" for feeling that this other person in many important ways is male.  People should be able to treat transgender people with dignity and respect, but still not be obligated to fully invest in the idea they are their declared (rather than biological) sex. 

	Score: 28
		> We want to be freed from the idea that biology alone dictates our experiences socially. Freedom from a forced fate.  >To have a sexual preference which excludes transgender individuals is, on this basis, intellectually incoherent.  I'm sorry but that doesn't make any sense.   A sexuality that does not include attraction to trans people is just as legitimate and valid as any other.  To suggest otherwise is bigotry.    >But an athletic woman scares the shit out of most men.  I'm sorry, this is just some horseshit cliche that hasn't had any connection to reality in generations.   >Trans people can't escape the correlation between sex and gender. Because it permeates everything, it's the reason so many of us commit suicide. There really is no way out for us.   That doesn't justify the shaming of people who just lack a desire to fuck trans people.   >Ask around, and it quickly becomes apparent that feminine women have a larger dating pool than masculine women. And, feminine men have fewer shots at getting laid than masculine ones.  No one is saying that trans people don't face challenges.  That doesn't change the fact that simply not wanting to fuck someone doesn't indicate being phobic of them as a class.   > It only becomes a phobia when it frightens people. That is, they're uncomfortable.   Lacking a desire to fuck someone doesn't indicate that someone is scared of them or even uncomfortable.    >If someone isn't interested in me, but still steps up to the bar with a fiver to order a drink and rubs shoulders with me, that's a preference. If that person walks halfway down the bar when the whole side I'm on is barren to get a drink... that's a phobia. There you go, hope this was helpful.   Certainly, but that doesn't have anything to do with the OP.  This discussion is about *sexual attraction*, not simply civil interaction. 



CMV: Caller ID spoofing should be made entirely illegal.
=======================================

	Score: 667
		[It already is illegal](https://www.fcc.gov/consumers/guides/spoofing-and-caller-id) per the FCC.  From their site:  >Under the Truth in Caller ID Act, FCC rules prohibit any person or entity from transmitting misleading or inaccurate caller ID information with the intent to defraud, cause harm, or wrongly obtain anything of value.   The problem is that people who are scammers are _already_ engaging in illegal and unethical actions and have systems in place to protect themselves (like shell companies or working from overseas).  People willing to break the law to get your cash are not worried about breaking minor laws (like caller ID spoofing) to help further that cause.

	Score: 168
		I want to remove the intent requirement.  I want it to be illegal to transmit misleading or inaccurate caller ID information for ANY reason.  As to people breaking the law regardless, my proposal was that the regulation would go against the phone companies.  Verizon and T-Mobile aren't going to risk their licenses and massive fines for some spammers.

	Score: 109
		It more or less is, unless you do it by accident.  Anyone sending the wrong information _on purpose_ would be intending to defraud and would thus be covered under this law - the simply protects against prosecuting people who make good faith errors in their information.  You say it goes against phone companies, but that won't really work for a couple of reasons:  - The caller ID system is not a secure system, so anyone can inject bad data into it and spoof without the carrier's knowledge  - Many of these spam calls come from overseas, where these companies have no jurisdiction.  If someone from Vanuatu wants to spoof caller ID and scam us, the US doesn't have much jurisdiction to solve that problem.

	Score: 43
		> I believe this practice should be made entirely illegal, and that either the accurate calling number, or else no number, must be transmitted.  When I make outgoing phone calls from my Skype account, people see my cellphone number on their display. That's is because Skype allows you to specify any cellphone that you own, as the outgoing caller ID.  So technically, it's not the accurate number, because I'm not making that phone call from my cellphone and Skype are literally spoofing my cellphone number to achieve this. However, it makes it a lot more user friendly.  https://www.skype.com/en/features/caller-identification/

	Score: 29
		It's my understanding that this is more of a technical issue.  Because of the wide variety of service providers, you pretty much are relying on them to provide the proper information.  I think it a very large task to utterly remove this and require somehow verifiable information.  Wouldn't it just be easier to assume that the data is spoofed in the first place? 

	Score: 26
		> I am extremely skeptical that this is correct. In fact, I would be shocked, and award you a massive delta, if you could show this to be correct.  I linked to the FCC site so you can review it yourself.  If you intend to defraud - which is pretty easy to show if you knowingly transmit false caller ID data - then you are violating the law.    What situations have you encounters where people have knowingly sent false data yet _did not_ intend to defraud, cause harm or knowingly obtain anything of value (given that customer data is something of value)?  >So for example a telemarketer would not meet the standard, because by their logic, they engaged in a willing market transaction with the person they called, and that person was not defrauded, harmed, or wrongfully obtained from anything of value.  Incorrect.  They would have knowingly used spoofed caller ID information with intent to defraud (obtain as sale from you).  They don't actually have to _succeed_ in obtaining the item of value, merely _intend_ to do so.  In fact, telemarketer are specifically called out on that site.  They must:  >- Transmit or display its telephone number or the telephone number on whose behalf the call is being made, and, if possible, its name or the name of the company for which it is selling products or services.  >- Display a telephone number you can call during regular business hours to ask to no longer be called. This rule applies even to companies that already have an established business relationship with you.  If they put the wrong information in the caller ID on purpose, they are breaking the law per the FCC guidance.   

	Score: 23
		Intent matters.  Lots of my friends, when they call me, have incorrect caller ID.  For example, the name will be a parent or someone they share a cell phone plan with.  They aren’t intending to defraud, but they are sending incorrect information.  They just never bothered to set it up correctly.

	Score: 23
		It isn’t always fraud related.   My company has cell phones for in-house technicians that spoof the main customer service number. That way we don’t have customers calling individual technicians at all hours of the day and night just because that tech called them on the company phone. Instead we spoof to funnel those calls right back into customer service. 

	Score: 21
		You haven't made a case for why it has to be all or nothing. Seems like a false dichotomy to me.   Why can't the government just block spoofing in bad faith and set clear guidelines for allowing/disallowing it?

	Score: 17
		> Right, our dispute is as to the meaning of the term "defraud." I do not believe it merely means "mislead."  It does not - it requires you attempt to obtain money through deceit.  A telemarketer is doing exactly that.  >As I said, telemarketers selling otherwise non-fraudulent products fall into this category.  That is incorrect, as I have pointed out.  >I do not believe per the legal meaning of the terms "fraud" and "defraud" that obtaining a sale is a fraud in violation of the statute.  It is against this statute if their _intent_ was to deceive you through fraudulent caller ID.  Intent is the important word here.  >From the linked source this is demonstrably incorrect:  Except they did intend to cause harm.  That was why the spoofed the number.

	Score: 16
		Consider a hospital.  I want every phone to have a real number that can be called, so if someone wants to sit by a specific phone they can be easily reached ("page cardiology to this number", then wait for the cardiologist to answer).  But often people make calls and don't sit by that phone to wait for an answer, and so if a patient or outside physician receives a call, that person should be routed to the operator and not to the random unoccupied desk.  If you block your number or give the normal number, that means the patient/outside doctor who got called isn't likely to successfully call back.  Why not just "you can spoof a number you own, but not a number you don't own"?

	Score: 16
		That's not spoofing.  The number displayed is accurate, just the subscriber information doesn't correspond to who actually uses the phone.  I just want to require the number to be accurate.

	Score: 14
		There are valid use cases for this for what it's worth.  Where you can change the outbound number and still be identifying the caller. Say I spoof my own telephone number calling from my computer.  What if you're not calling from a phone? For example, the telephone network will not accurately display the URI of a caller from Skype or even Hangouts. They'll get assigned a telephone number for the duration of the call. That number is making the call, but it belongs to the service allowing the call. In this case what is the correct caller information to display? The company that owns the number? Nothing? The username of the caller? There's interpretations of all of those that constitute manipulating caller ID. Should these services be illegal? They almost certainly would under your interpretation.  What about company telephones that always show the central number on caller id, rather than the individual's extension? These would arguably be illegal as well. What if I called you but then tranferred the call to someone else? Your caller id wouldn't update; is that now fraudulent? The last one is more of a stretch.  You may think some of these cases are ridiculous, but there's some argument that they would be illegal if we used your blanket wording. This is why intent is called out.

	Score: 14
		>  the number is something that (I believe) the phone company has to know truthfully to route the call.  That isn't exactly true.  Phone companies don't know the entire pathway of the call that is being made.  There are hundreds of telephone exchanges in the US - all your phone company knows is how to connect it to the right exchange.  For example, you can set up a VoIP number and you have the option to put in your company information at that time.  The VoIP company then sends that information to your carrier and your carrier displays it in the caller ID window - the carrier has no way to know that information is correct because they simply receive it from the carrier that originates the call.

	Score: 13
		> For a telemarketer, the fact of what number they're calling from is not a material fact.  I would disagree.  They mistated who they were on your caller ID in an attempt to get you to take the call.  That is material fact.  Even if it doesn't support fraud charges, the FCC still makes it clear what telemarketers must do:  - Transmit or display its telephone number or the telephone number on whose behalf the call is being made, and, if possible, its name or the name of the company for which it is selling products or services.  - Display a telephone number you can call during regular business hours to ask to no longer be called. This rule applies even to companies that already have an established business relationship with you.  Spoofing a number violates one or both of those stipulations, which makes it illegal under the law.

	Score: 11
		/u/huadpe (OP) has awarded 2 deltas in this post.  All comments that earned deltas (from OP or other users) are listed [**here**](/r/DeltaLog/comments/78pfmh), in /r/DeltaLog.  Please note that a change of view [doesn't necessarily mean a reversal](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/index#wiki_what_is_a_.27view.27.3F), or that the conversation has ended.  ^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards)

	Score: 11
		Can you elaborate on the technical aspect of it?  There's a whole variety of service providers sure, but they're all under pretty strict government regulation, no?    My idea was that the regulation would be targeted at phone companies.  They'd be prohibited from allowing their customers to spoof.  For instance, if my company has been allocated only the 111-155 exchanges in the 212 area code, I know any customer of mine can't possibly be calling from 212-777-7777.  So I can't allow them to broadcast that as their caller ID.  Am I misunderstanding how this works?

	Score: 11
		I'm no expert, but I believe that this is the case:  The problem isn't Verizon (assuming that that is the NY provider).  The problem is that Verizon receives and incoming call from a source that is eligible to make an incoming call.  Since you can take your number with you, even if Verizon "owns" the  155 exchange, they get legitimate outside calls from 212-155-xxxx.  It could be a T-Mobile customer in the apartment next to you.  It could be a spoofer in Russia.  How can Verizon tell the difference?

	Score: 11
		The hospital case is a good one, and I might allow a regulation permitting spoofing a number which is known to be owned by the same customer on the same carrier.  Have a !delta.

	Score: 10
		>  > Spoofing is overwhelmingly used by scammers and spammers, and is a major technique of fraud. While some users have an interest in spoofing which is more legitimate, those interests can generally be accommodated through just blocking caller ID (displaying no number). >   It is a technical issue.  The whole notion of Caller ID was invented back when only a few companies/carriers had access to the networks. When that occurred, no one thought there should be some form of authorization/authentication about whether or not you could or could not change the Caller ID. And there are a lot of times when you need to change the Caller ID for *very* valid reasons (more on that in a second).  Because there was no authentication/authorization mechanisms built into the legacy protocols and networks, and because we value interoperability so highly in the telecom world, all of the new protocols (SIP) had to just "live with it". And as a result, there still is nothing that explicitly says "this party was allowed to manipulate the party identification".  Why would you want to change the party identification?  Most places use a PBX for their office. Behind that PBX is a whole mess of phones, but there may be only a handful of numbers that terminate at that location. When you dial out from your desk phone, the PBX has to represent you as that business. If you leave the business, whoever inherits your phone also has to be represented as that business.  That's *technically* Caller ID spoofing, in that it uses the same mechanisms as those who spoof Caller ID. The intent is clearly fine. Hence why the FCC relies on intent to determine if the manipulation of Caller ID was allowed. 



CMV: Luigi is the superior Mario Brother.
=======================================

	Score: 531
		1. You ever need a favor from a friend? Some friends don't really want to do it, but eventually relent. Others say yes right away. Mario is that second type of friend. He is dependable. There has never been a circumstance where he didn't dive in head first to help his friends. Luigi helps when that's what the group is doing, but when he is on his own, he is a coward. It takes some coaxing to get him to do anything. He simply isn't a leader.  2. Mario is a coalition builder. He knows how to turn the other cheek. He can forgive. He often invites his mortal enemies to play tennis, golf, go-kart, etc. His oldest enemy, Donkey Kong, is now one of his closest friends.  3. Mario is almost as tall, and is quite a bit stronger than Luigi. Would you rather date the tall skinny guy, or the slightly less tall jacked guy? Plus, Mario has rounded stats. He is good at everything. You know he doesn't skip leg day. He doesn't just focus on glamor muscles.  4. Luigi might be monogamous, but he has never been tested. He might be itching to cheat, but has never gotten the opportunity. Only one person ever wanted to date him, and only after she got dumped by her first choice. Luigi is her silver medal.  5. Finally, Luigi has some deep seated sadistic tendencies. He relishes watching others suffer: http://giant.gfycat.com/LimitedFreshAdeliepenguin.gif

	Score: 159
		> (1) Luigi is green.   You know who else wears green?   [Tingle.](http://www.zeldainformer.com/images/articles/tingle_in_akiba.jpg) Nuff said.    (I loved this post. TY)

	Score: 131
		I.. cannot argue this point. ∆

	Score: 123
		1. But to what ends? What means? While I am not the most extensive scholar, we all know that when Mario seeks to help, he is often rescuing a princess from the clutches of a Bowser or Bowser type. This has serious political implications, to be sure, but following the theory that Mario has a rescuing fetish, it doesn't seem so apropos. Luigi, on the other hand, has rescued his *brother* outright, the sole person keeping him from the glory of in all these fantastical lands and realms. He could have easily left his brother to rot and kept the glory for himself, but no. He did it. And he did it because Luigi has little to no ulterior motives.  2. Mario may be leading all these events, but you do not know for a fact that Luigi isn't waiting for such an opportunity. You could say that the boisterous Mario jumped in first and even went as far as to shoot his brother's ideas down.  3. Luigi has been equal to or superior than his brother in every game they have been featured in.  4. Silver medal? It maaay have been that in the beginning, but you and I both know that they've had a steady relationship since. Luigi might have been tempted, but no evidence suggests he has ever strayed from the path.  5. That's the mere spirit of the sport! The spirit, I say! Competition can do.. things to a man. Meanwhile, we know for a fact Mario is a sadist. He has, at one point, [deliberately captured a father from his child, imprisoned him, and beat him with a whip, all while trying to *cause harm to a child trying to rescue him*](http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120718133614/vsrecommendedgames/images/1/1b/Donkey_Kong_Jr.gif).

	Score: 64
		First off, I love this, and this is the first ever CMV that I'm actually responding to. The problem with your argument is that you're saying that Luigi is better than Mario *according to societal standards that we have come to establish*. That does not mean he is superior objectively, but rather only superior *to your brand of preference*.  1. Associating colors with meaning is a human construction. Pink used to be a color for males back in the early twentieth century; now, it's associated with femininity. Saying that Mario is better than Luigi because Luigi shares a color with stoplights or grass is not an argument. Now, as you alluded to, the difference between green and red's wavelengths is such that green is easier on human eyes. But "green-ness" is not an necessary quality of Luigi.  2. This is specific only to Super Mario games that came out in between the years of 1985-1993. I don't think it's robust enough of a point. What about the games when Luigi and Mario play together simultaneously? Or the ones that feature an "either/or" option?  3. I agree with this point, but I don't see how being more or less quirky is related to a character being better or worse than another. Unless, of course, you change your argument to "Luigi is superior to Mario *in my opinion*." Jumping higher is definitely advantageous in a platformer genre, but his jumping physics can be a bit awkward, and the games are definitely not designed around his character physics.  4. Again, you're implying that monogamy is superior to other forms of relationships. You might think it is, and that's totally fine, but that doesn't mean Luigi is better or worse than Mario. As far as I know, there's no evidence of romantic relationship between Mario and anyone else other than Peach. It's implied, I'll give you that, but in Super Mario Land, Mario could just be doing his duty as the hero saving the damsel in distress (Daisy). That could extend further back to Pauline, too.   5. Again, personal preference. Luigi's seems to be more groomed. Doesn't mean it's any more or less better than Mario's mustache, which is a fuller and shaggier.  6. I don't have much to say about this. I respect your argument here. Luigi has definitely been portrayed as a timid character, but by my own logic, that's not "worse" than the alternative unless we're imagining a very hypermasculine society is what determines superiority.   7. This is preference, too, mainly. Maybe his genetics are better. But considering that this is one point of a seven-point argument, I don't think this alone is able to prove that Luigi is superior to Mario.  Anyway, that was a lot of fun, so thanks for posting. It's fun to talk about something a bit lighter-hearted! Luigi was my favorite Mario brother growing up, too. 

	Score: 63
		You can't lay the failures of the Wii U and console gaming in general on Luigi's shoulders.  

	Score: 59
		FYI, I think it's a great post.  CMVs don't have to be serious, as long as they are sincerely posted and discussed by an open-minded OP.

	Score: 51
		My favorite part of all of this is that it is not "CMV", it's "Try to out-BS-me".   And I love that you have put yourself in a situation that is impossible to lose. Mario had a whole series named after him? BAM! Mario is a self-centered douche who hardly considers his brother.  You, my friend, are my hero.

	Score: 49
		In what canon? There are so many different Mario story variations that it's hard to say. Overall I also prefer Luigi, but there are some stories where Mario is clearly superior.  1. NES games except Mario 2: I think that they are essentially equal. Your argument that player 2 gets to see what player 1 did first only holds true if player 1 stays ahead of player 2, which is not remotely guaranteed on those games. Luigi may be a personal preference here, but he's not better.  2. Mario 2: yes, Luigi is objectively better in most senses. The jump and so on. However, one could make an argument that Mario is a more advanced choice since he doesn't have those extra advantages. The same argument holds true for Super Mario 3D World. Mario is objectively harder to play with, which some would find superior.  3. In most of the 80s cartoons, Luigi was displayed as a bit on the cowardly side, whereas Mario was more take-charge. It's not as simple as that, but overall I would say Mario is superior here.  4. In the Valiant Comics story universe, Luigi is clearly superior in every way, though. This is my favorite mario universe, so hence my overall preference for Luigi. Luigi is pragmatic and does not seek recognition. Mario is reckless, frequently a bit stupid, and kind of mean at times.  5. In the comics from Nintendo Power in the early 90s, however, we see the worst of Luigi. He is practically a caricature. This unfortunately shows up in other later iterations as well, and in these universes it is no contest that Mario is better.  6. In a lot of the Mario sports games, there is either no substantial difference between the brothers in gameplay, or Mario is better. Generally BOTH of the brothers are used as the "average choice" for players who don't want someone more esoteric.  I could go on and on, but that's enough. My stipulation is that there is not one Luigi, but a multiverse of them. A few of them are objectively better. A lot of them are objectively worse. A fair number are down to option and preference. While I would love to completely agree with you since it's also my personal preference, I have to reject your premise.  EDIT:  In the Mario "Nintendo Adventure Books" (choose your own adventure), the characters are very similar to those from the Valiant comics.  However, Mario is a lot more reasonable there.  In that universe the two come off as more equal, although Luigi is the one with a few more quirks and Mario is slightly more take-charge on balance.  Also, to your note about mustache superiority: it again depends on what you're referring to.  Luigi's has grown more superior with time as Mario's has grown more mundane, it's true.  But in a lot of the older comics and box art and so forth, Mario and Luigi either sported the same one or else Mario's was a bit better because of the proportions of his face.  That's just my subjective opinion, but since you brought it up.

	Score: 49
		Hey, I'm opened to the idea of a solid enough argument changing my view and I know when Doritos need to be dropped.  Still though, its been fun. I'm just tired of how political things have gotten lately.

	Score: 45
		If Luigi's so awesome, why is it that one of Nintendo's least profitable years occurred during the Year of Luigi?  Source: http://www.avclub.com/article/year-luigi-generates-456-million-loss-nintendo-204364 

	Score: 44
		Wow. Okay. Shit.  Here's a pyramid. ∆  Edit: FUck, sorry! I forgot. Regardless, this is an apropriate point. Even so, I worry that this isn't a long enough array of words to merit whateevr, so instead, I will just simply type out all the things I see on my desk in my immediate vision.  Monitor. Keyboard. Mouse. Mouse pad. Tower PC. Breadbox PC. Dead speakers. Headphones. Water bottle. Siren. A Tennis Shoe Clock that needs batteries. Phone. Notepad. Three lighters. Empty cigarette pack. Ashtay. Two more lights. The list goes on!

	Score: 43
		There is no evidence that Mario cheated on anyone. He's just had many love interests.

	Score: 40
		That's another pro Luigi argument tho, Tingle is the MAN   Edit: Tingle, Tingle! Kooloo-Limpah! 

	Score: 39
		\ 4. Why is monogamy superior to having many relationships?

	Score: 38
		Counterpoint, Tingle also wears red... around his (?) *nether regions*!

	Score: 38
		Most of which featured Luigi.

	Score: 28
		But you can lay the success of prior consoles on Mario. 

	Score: 23
		I assume that you are familiar with the 2013-2014 event, "The Year Of Luigi"? Look at [this chart](https://www.datainnovation.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/terrorism-620x350.png) that portrays how much terrorism has occurred over the last ~40 years. Notice where the sharp rise begins. I don't think that this can be dismissed as a coincidence.

	Score: 21
		My first delta! Cheers. :) Finally a subject that I have encyclopedic knowledge on.  Edit: nuts, rejected by DeltaBot.



CMV: Every business/government office should be required by law to be open outside of normal business hours (9-5) at least once a week
=======================================

	Score: 969
		The far better, and much more likely solution to this issue is to require paid time off that can be taken for needed errands. 

	Score: 359
		>I know this probably wouldn't be a problem if every company in the US were required to give its employees plenty of PTO.  Isn't this a much better solution to your problem than the one you suggest?

	Score: 325
		Oh my god! I would love that. If I could just get about 2 or 3 days off per year, which I could use two or three hours at a time, I would never have to use my PTO to run errands and instead I could use it for vacations.

	Score: 207
		Are you aware that many countries have large amounts of PTO required by law (e.g. France) but as far as I'm aware no country regulates business hours in the way you propose? Doesn't this suggest that the former is more realistic?

	Score: 157
		As a suggestion, see if your job is open to four 10-hour days worked per week with one built-in day off.  My job recently started a pilot program of this, which will run through January.  Everyone in the pilot program works four 10-hour days, with one rotating day off.  Week 1 you have off Monday, then the next week Tuesday, then Wednesday, etc.  Every five weeks you have a Friday - Monday 4-day weekend.  It's been overwhelmingly popular since it was implemented three weeks ago.

	Score: 132
		And who is going to staff these offices/business during these nights or weekends?   Basically, you are asking other people to come into work when they would normally have that time off, so that you can avoid having to take time off from your own work. 

	Score: 124
		In some places (or for some businesses) this simply isn't worth it.   You are assuming that the business is there to serve you.. for your convenience.  Nope.. people open businesses to make themselves money!  Imagine a small, or new, business.  The owner runs it himself/herself and cannot afford employees.  They don't want to work 10 hours a day 7 days a week.  So they pick the best hours to be open for them.  Typically 10-5 Monday - Friday and perhaps as well Saturday.  When I was a kid Sunday shopping wasn't even a thing and all stores were closed on Sundays!  Where I work it's a touristy area, very busy in the summer, but super dead in the winter.  Two of the businesses are run by the owners themselves and they have no employees (they cannot afford it) and in one case the owner works another job part time at night while they get their business established and they are not even taking a wage themselves (this is very common for start up businesses).  But again the point of my argument is that businesses are not there for you.. they are there for the owner to make money.  So they pick the hours that work for them.  I am sure if they had a huge demand to be open late certain nights such that they could pay employees and guarantee a profitable night, then they probably would.  Don't forget employers don't just pay wages, they have other expenses for employees as well.  

	Score: 122
		Do you think that your solution _is_ likely to happen?

	Score: 71
		Ask your employer at the next review. If your job isn't giving you the work/life balance you are looking for, either make changes at your current job or find a new one that fits you better. Why should my business (a civil litigation law firm) be forced to be "open" odd hours when we would not gain any advantage. We don't have customers coming in and out during the day. 

	Score: 54
		Only in the US would this sound reasonable. In europe 14 days of vacation is illegally low, not to mention most businesses have unlimited sick time.

	Score: 53
		You're not being forced. It's your job and the arrangement you have with your employer. You're proposing government compulsion. 

	Score: 51
		You said you already get 14 days / 80 hours a year.  I think most people assume they'll need to use some of that for errands and not all for vacation.  I definitely think you should get more vacation time, but it seems like you already have the time you need for errands.

	Score: 48
		Although I live in the USA, I am from Spain. It changes depending on the country, but usually in Europe you have one month (24 days plus weekends on between) paid vacations that are mandatory, you can't decide to work and get the extra money on most situations. Apart from that sick leave is unlimited depending on what the doctor tells you and  pays 80% of your usual salary.  Apart from all that many jobs get 2-3 days for personal matters like you are demanding.  So, I'm my opinion it is not a matter of poor scheduling of public offices and services, but the lack of workers' rights in the USA what makes impossible to balance work and personal life. And don't even get me started with parental leave.  Sometimes I wonder where is the taxes money going in the USA. We pay the same as in other developed countries and we get nothing. 

	Score: 48
		It is, but that's not likely to happen in our lifetime.

	Score: 47
		So you’d be ok being forced to work one day a week extra late into the night or on a weekend?

	Score: 42
		Not true. People used to have different pots of time (vacations, sick, etc) but then the employers dumped all that time into one bucket, PTO.   What they didn’t tell anyone is really all they did was renamed vacation to PTO, and got rid of everything else, thus reducing the number of days off people got. 

	Score: 36
		French here, we're still pissed off when we have to use PTO to run those kind of errands :p

	Score: 32
		The stores in my area (a tourist area) were told to be open late (to 8) on Friday and Saturday night.  It wasn't profitable for most of them. Only one store really got sales, that was a gifty type store and people would buy a candle or card.. mostly small stuff.  The four other stores didn't really get sales at night.  Two were clothing stores and one store was a bike store with rentals and the other was a spa.  People who came to the place didn't want to shop at night and mostly came for dinners, and were killing time while waiting for their table to be ready or something.  The grocery store was open later but even the liquor store ended up closing at 7 due to not being busy.  Customers would typically come around lunch and in the afternoon.  As such 10-5 works best.  People go back to their cabins or RVs at night.. they don't shop.  

	Score: 30
		Legislating that we force people to run private businesses when they don’t want to? That’s realistic?

	Score: 29
		Do you think this may just be a problem with everyone forcing a 9-5 job?   Multiple Solutions to rid the mandatory 9-5;  Go for something more dynamic. ie; if you have nothing to do one day, employer lets you go home; since there's no purpose for you to be sitting around, and having the ability to go home lowers your stress and would increase your productivity in the long run.   If you are not functional in the morning, it probably because you prefer to stay up late. It would be more beneficial for employers to have you start work later, say 11am, and work till 7pm. When you get home it'll be dark, it'll be prime time for you to do whatever you do late at night.  Another solution that looks better to managers is to have a split shift. If you have work that doesnt need to be finished right away, then why should a manager prevent you from a having an extended break. As long as you make up your time later everything should be fine.   Many companies would be more productive if they converted to a 24 hour, 7 days a week production. So they can increase their  production by having employees fill in all those hours. So you may work Sunday 6pm-2am, but you get monday off for example.   Another solution is just to meet a time quota, where you just need to hit 40 hours for the week. If you work 10 hours Monday-Thursday, you get friday off.   Many more solutions for many companies to kill the 9-5.  



CMV: Trump is being used to distract the media and the general public from policy changes.
=======================================

	Score: 235
		The only thing I will disagree with here is that Trump is being *used* for this purpose.  I don't think that's the case.  Trump is being used to enact these policy changes, but distracting the general public from them is what Trump is actually good at, and he does it because he thinks it's a good idea.  That's how he won his campaign.  He is good at drawing attention to himself, and he has deliberately overloaded the media with petty stories.  The NFL thing is an example, and a little while later people aren't talking about it so much, are they?  New things have taken over the news cycle; the NFL protests are old hat.  Puerto Rico?  Distant memory.  Remember how Trump fired Comey because he thought he'd get investigated?  That was *this year*.  Every week there are multiple scandals, and they're such that nobody has time to pay attention to them until the next one pops up.  Trump does this shit on purpose.  Nobody is making him do it.  What happens is that the low-information voters tune it out.  There are three types of voters in the US.  Normal people, Trump supporters, and low-information voters.  It's the third group that won him the election.  He said some really crazy shit, and his supporters went nuts for it!  They realized that this guy was their race champion.  So he and his supporters came up with a pretty good plan, considering: drown out the news.  He made a campaign against the media -- he wasn't even remotely subtle about that.  He let his supporters convince the low-information guys that the media was untrustworthy.  And he and his supporters bombarded the alternative media -- social media, mostly, but also idiots like Alex Jones -- with fake news stories about Clinton, showing the low-information voters that both sides were bad.  These low-information people saw negative news story after negative news story about Clinton, and they probably didn't look into whether they were true or even actually read them; they just looked at the headlines and absorbed the negativity.  They already distrusted Clinton so, yeah, maybe the stories weren't *all* true because you can't trust the media, but probably *some* of them were true, right?  Meanwhile, this Trump guy "tells it like it is" or something, because they're suspicious of those illegal Muslims too, right?  They're rapists, they're terrorists, they're brown, get them out!  That's how it is.  Trump's entire MO is doing a *lot* of bad things but keeping the news cycle short for each one.  The bad things are only bad if you're not a complete idiot, so he doesn't alienate his base (plus the Republicans who only support him because of the "conservative" policies his advisors will make sure he enacts; I count them in the "normal people" group).  The normal people try to actually keep track of some of these bad things and pay attention to the important ones.  But they don't matter.  The low-information voter, on the other hand, only gets the information that has been filtered from the news cycle through cultural osmosis, and with the pro-Trump media (Fox News) roughly balancing out the regular media (everyone else), the bad stories don't stick.  Trump isn't being used here.  That's how he got where he is.  It's what he knows how to do.

	Score: 127
		By linking to articles from the MSM aren't you proving that it didn't work? 

	Score: 108
		Trump is simply being trump. People pay attention to what they want. You proved there are some articles and they are not popular simply because people aren't interested in it. Yes he may not talk about the things he's hiding but he's not covering them up. The information is out there but people don't care

	Score: 84
		Being able to find a few outlier examples of reporters talking about something different doesn't mean its worked no. How much coverage is Clean Power getting today as compared with Trump and the IQ test or Trump and the NFL?

	Score: 64
		∆ So it feels like a mutually beneficial relationship, he's not being used but rather knows his role. The only real question it leaves for me is how he personally benefits but as with everything he does I doubt its anything below the surface and perhaps the death tax is a clue

	Score: 58
		Your source for news and measure for "how much coverage" something is Reddit. Reddit tends to shy away from political articles that might involve real discussion. Why post an article that requires reading to have a valid discussion about when you could post "Trump sucks" and hit the front page.

	Score: 42
		He's a narcissist.  He loves and needs and requires attention.  And he's getting it.  He's happy!

	Score: 28
		What people pay attention to and what the news report are not separate. They are directly related. 

	Score: 25
		Right... people pay attention to what's being reported. If 90% of the coverage this week is on Trump and the NFL, Trump and his IQ, Melania and Ivana and not CHIPS, clean power and north korea then guess what most people will pay attention to?

	Score: 25
		NPR's great but there's only so much they can fit in their radio broadcasts. BBC is mainly Europe/World focused and I've found the NY times to be too willing to spend time on the kinds of news stories you described. The WaPo is little but the news stories you described, and expecting to get any kind of decent news coverage from late-night shows is laughable.  I'd switch out WaPo and/or the NY times with Reuters or the WSJ.

	Score: 25
		It's the other way around. Reporting in this economy is about ratings. Sure it's a 2 way street but the news agencies report what will get page views and channel time. If you doubt that you massively underestimate the greed of these corporations. I'm not saying media never has an agenda, but the vast majority of the time they are carrying what will make them money. And what makes money is Trump drama right now. That is indisputable. 

	Score: 23
		It's not like news ratings are some newfangled contraption that we are just trying to understand. News agencies have a lot of experience and data with the kind of stories that get big ratings. 

	Score: 22
		There's a whole separate topic I guess as to what people pay attention to. Its clear though that Trump being Trump creates a distraction and I believe that's not an accident you don't need to cover something up if the thing you want to cover is overshadowed by something else.

	Score: 21
		> Classifying those that voted for Trump as either non-normal or stupid is an incredibly bigoted thing to do.  Voting for Trump is an incredibly bigoted thing to do.  He's the guy who said that Mexicans were rapists and murderers (though he admitted some were good people -- just like the neo-Nazis, I guess), he's the guy who until very close to the election continued to believe that Obama wasn't born in the US, and he's the guy who actually proposed banning all Muslims from traveling to the US or giving them Nazi-style identification.  That's *objectively* bigoted.  If you voted for him, either you agreed with his bigotry, which makes you non-normal, or you decided that his bigotry was either worth it or just a ploy in order to pass conservative policies, which I put in the normal category, or you didn't know about his bigotry, which makes you low-information.  My comment argued that the stupid people -- that is, the people who actually *believe* in Trump's bigotry, the people who think that Trump's bigotry is awesome and the best thing for the country and the world, *those* idiots, were able to convince the low-information voters through misinformation.  The low-information voters aren't stupid.  They're just not paying attention, which is OK.  Let's be clear here: Trump is *objectively* bad.  If you know the facts and still think he's good, there's something wrong with you.

	Score: 19
		Well that and I listen to NPR and the BBC most days, I read the NYTimes (the actual paper copy) the Washington post and enjoy the standard issue night comedy shows (Last week tonight, Full Frontal, late night) 

	Score: 19
		I don't agree that anything intentional is being done here.  People are being distracted for the same reason that a frightening proportion voted for him in the first place.  They care more about this show than the substance.

	Score: 14
		He's never been happy. The rest is true. Doesn't change my view that he's being used to distract.

	Score: 13
		I think the term "happiness" as a state of mind is irrelevant here. We do see that Trump is pursuing goals relevant to his interests and can therefore postulate some abstract "happiness" he is striving for.  I don't know if my cat is truly happy, but I know her motivation: good food, warmth, stimulation and lack of sensory distress. And right now she seems to be happy, even if there's room for improvement.

	Score: 12
		Are you claiming this is deliberate misdirection on Trump's part? I find that hard to believe. He's just loud and obnoxious because he's always been that way. Now, does that inadvertently benefit him? Perhaps.  Also, I doubt Trump is even all that aware of the changes "he" is making to the courts.  

	Score: 10
		[deleted]



CMV: Over the next 10-20 years, the biggest threat to most Americans will be the Republican party
=======================================

	Score: 7248
		I find it amusing whenever someone uses the argument "but not all republicans!".  You're essentially asking us not to generalize the republican party with one stroke of brush but if you had one look at their voting history, you'd see the consistency they all have unanimously exhibited in ensuring that the policies that succeed are those which are detrimental to the vast majority of the non-rich population.   Source:  https://np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/6brytw/justice_department_appoints_special_prosecutor/dhpcbdc/   So please tell me how the republican party shouldn't be criticized for being a significant danger to the americans when their voting patterns exhibit EXACTLY that. Not to mention their mind boggling hypocrisy and lies to defend stripping healthcare which will kill millions. The scariest part is that this obvious two-faced nature implies that they are AWARE of the danger of their political views and YET push for them. I'd say that's pretty clearly evil.  Note how there is no distribution in their votes. All of them fall in the party line.   #**Money in Elections and Voting**     **[Sets reasonable limits on the raising and spending of money by electoral candidates to influence elections](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/49906)** (Reverse Citizens United)   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  0|**42** **Dem** |**54**|  0     **[Campaign Finance Disclosure Requirements](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/32154)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|   0|**39** **Dem**|**59**|  0      **[DISCLOSE Act](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/41152)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  0|**45** **Dem**|**53**|  0     **[Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act](http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2002/roll034.xml)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|8|**38** **Dem**|**51**|3      **[Repeal Taxpayer Financing of Presidential Election Campaigns](https://votesmart.org/bill/votes/37426)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**232**|   0  **Dem**|  0|**189**      **[Backup Paper Ballots - Voting Record](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/21011)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  20|**170** **Dem** |**228**|  0        #**Environment**     **[EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2013](https://votesmart.org/bill/votes/50594)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**225**|1 **Dem**|  4|**190**     **[Stop "the War on Coal" Act of 2012](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/41688)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**214**|13 **Dem**|  19|**162**     **[Prohibit the Social Cost of Carbon in Agency Determinations](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/46997)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**218**|   2  **Dem**|  4|**186**         #**"War on Terror"**     **[Oversight of CIA Interrogation and Detention Amendment](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/8795)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|   1|**52** **Dem** |**45**|   1     **[Patriot Act Reauthorization](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/35224)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**196**|  31 **Dem** |  54|**122**     **[Repeal Indefinite Military Detention](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/48229)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|15|**214** **Dem**|**176**|  16     **[FISA Act Reauthorization of 2008](http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2008/roll437.xml)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**188**|   1  **Dem**|  105|**128**      **[FISA Reauthorization of 2012](http://www.govtrack.us/congress/votes/112-2012/h569)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**227**|   7  **Dem**|  74|**111**      **[House Vote to Close the Guantanamo Prison](http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2013/roll237.xml)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  2|**228** **Dem** |**172**|  21     **[Senate Vote to Close the Guantanamo Prison](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/46301)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  3|**32** **Dem** | **52**|  3     **[Iraq Withdrawal Amendment](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/12760)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  2|**45** **Dem**|**47**|  2     **[Time Between Troop Deployments](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/15831)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  6|**43** **Dem**|**50**|  1     **[Prohibits the Use of Funds for the Transfer or Release of Individuals Detained at Guantanamo](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/42002)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**44**|  0 **Dem**|  9| **41**     **[Habeas Corpus for Detainees of the United States](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/15833)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  5|**42** **Dem**|**50**|  0     **[Habeas Review Amendment](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/8730)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|   3|**50** **Dem**|**45**|  1      **[Prohibits Detention of U.S. Citizens Without Trial](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/37420)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  5|**42** **Dem**|**39**|  12     **[Authorizes Further Detention After Trial During Wartime](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/37433)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**38**|  2 **Dem**|  9| **49**     **[Prohibits Prosecution of Enemy Combatants in Civilian Courts](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/37095)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**46**|  2 **Dem**|  1|**49**     **[Oversight of CIA Interrogation and Detention](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/8795)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|   1|**52** **Dem**|**45**|  1         #**The Economy/Jobs**     **[Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Bureau Act](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/30346)**    |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  4 |**39** **Dem**|**55**|  2|      **[American Jobs Act of 2011 - $50 billion for infrastructure projects](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/36879)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  0|**48** **Dem**|**50**|  2     **[End the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/30296)**    |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**39**|  1 **Dem**|  1| **54**     **[Kill Credit Default Swap Regulations](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/30364)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**38**|   2  **Dem**|  18|**36**      **[Revokes tax credits for businesses that move jobs overseas](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/49616)**    |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  10|**32** **Dem**|**53**|  1     **[Disapproval of President's Authority to Raise the Debt Limit](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/37606)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**233**|   1  **Dem**|  6|**175**      **[Disapproval of President's Authority to Raise the Debt Limit](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/37876)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**42**|   1  **Dem**|  2|**51**       **[Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/23361)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  3|**173** **Dem**|**247**|  4     **[Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/23313)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  4|**36** **Dem**|**57**|  0     **[Emergency Unemployment Compensation Extension](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/46392)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  1|**44** **Dem**|**54**|  1     **[Reduces Funding for Food Stamps](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/40315)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**33**|   13 **Dem**|  0|**52**     **[Minimum Wage Fairness Act](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/47753)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  1|**41** **Dem**|**53**|  1     **[Paycheck Fairness Act](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/32830)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  0|**40** **Dem**|**58**|  1        #**Equal Rights**     **[Employment Non-Discrimination Act of 2013](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/46286)**    |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  1|**41** **Dem**|**54**|  0     **[Exempts Religiously Affiliated Employers from the Prohibition on Employment Discrimination Based on Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/46288)**    |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**41**|  3 **Dem**|  2| **52**     **[Same Sex Marriage Resolution 2006](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/11729)**    |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  6|**47** **Dem**|**42**|  2        #**Family Planning**     **[Teen Pregnancy Education Amendment](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/8830)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  4|**50** **Dem**|**44**|  1     **[Family Planning and Teen Pregnancy Prevention](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/20713)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  3|**51** **Dem**|**44**|  1     **[Protect Women's Health From Corporate Interference Act](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/49362)** The 'anti-Hobby Lobby' bill.     |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  3|**42** **Dem**|**53**|  1        #**Misc**     [Allow employers to penalize employees that don't submit genetic testing for health insurance (Committee vote)](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/wp/2017/03/11/employees-who-decline-genetic-testing-could-face-penalities-under-proposed-bill/?utm_term=.33f566f5ce5c)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**22**|   0  **Dem**|  0|**17**    **[Prohibit the Use of Funds to Carry Out the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/43144)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**45**|   0  **Dem**|  0|**52**      **[Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Funding Amendment](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/9034)**    |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  1|**41** **Dem**|**54**|  0     **[Limits Interest Rates for Certain Federal Student Loans](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/45797)**     |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  0|**46** **Dem**|**46**|  6     **[Student Loan Affordability Act](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/44550)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  0|**51** **Dem**|**45**|  1     **[Prohibiting Federal Funding of National Public Radio](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/34089)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|**228**|   7  **Dem**|  0|**185**      **[House Vote for Net Neutrality](https://www.govtrack.us/congress/votes/112-2011/h252)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  2|**234** **Dem**|**177**|  6     **[Senate Vote for Net Neutrality](https://www.govtrack.us/congress/votes/112-2011/s200)**   |For|Against     -|-|- **Rep**|  0|  **46** **Dem** |**52**|  0    Credit goes to u/flantabulous for most of this list 

	Score: 3043
		This is the kind of uneducated equivocation that people (generally those affiliated with republican party) use to induce uncertainty in anything remotely positive that the democrats try to do or to deflect blame from the horrid policies that republicans adopt.  Whether it be climate change denial or confusing the public on simple issues that really should be transparent and clear.  -----  I have linked the bills above (with synopses). I invite you to go through them and point out the problematic riders and addendums. Specially in [these cases](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/6tm9h5/cmv_over_the_next_1020_years_the_biggest_threat/dlm9lat/?utm_content=permalink&utm_medium=front&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=changemyview)  Oh and I can actually cite a concrete example of when republicans threw sex trafficking victims under the bus so that they could push their anti-abortion rhetoric by sneaking in an addendum which served right wing special interests. Consequence? The bill that would have aided sex trafficking victims didn't pass. People who suffered and whose lives could have become so much better didn't get the help they need because some scumbags decided to hijack it for their own interest.  [Source](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/03/18/jon-stewart-hatewatch_n_6891820.html).  

	Score: 2723
		!delta  :O  Wow. Like, wow. This is absolutely /r/bestof material.  You are 100% correct. I gave you a delta, something I rarely do in threads where I am not the OP, because this totally did change my view. I mean yes, several of these votes do have more context to them, but this is something more people should know about.  Earlier, I was criticizing democrats like the OP for putting forth abrasively toned arguments.  Now, I believe democrats like the OP should be criticized for not putting forth good arguments like this one enough. The OP should have posted his view using *this* as his source!

	Score: 763
		A month and no response. 

	Score: 601
		Showing a vote talk like this hardly tells a story and it is sad that something like this so easily sways people. You have to look at each individual proposed law and see why people were against them often bills come with riders or addendums that give a lot of power and funding to something that had nothing to do with the bill.   Proposed bills often have names that make them sound good despite the really bad things the bill does. 

	Score: 588
		Haha I'm the dude who posted the tables above. I gladly invite you to go through any of the linked bills. Their synopsis is given (along with the full text).  The person you replied to hand-waives my comment by simply asserting "each bill has addendum and nuances" without bothering to elaborate on a single one.  Let's take the clearest issues:   -------------------------------------------------------------------  * educating teens on reproductive health  >Vote Smart's Synopsis: Vote to adopt an amendment that authorizes grants from 2007 to 2011 for sexual education programs dealing with contraceptives and abstinence for the "prevention of teen pregnancy and sexual transmitted diseases."  Republicans voted against it.  -------------------------------------------------------------------  * Net Neutrality:    Republicans voted against it.  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------  * Unintended pregnancy amendment   >Vote Smart's Synopsis: Vote to adopt an amendment to the Senate's 2006 Fiscal Year Budget that allocates $100 million for the prevention of unintended pregnancies.   Republicans voted against it.   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------  * Employment Non-Discrimination Act of 2013  >Vote to pass a bill that prohibits employment discrimination based on the real or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity of an individual.  Republicans voted against it.  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------  * Paycheck fairness:  >Vote on a motion to invoke cloture on a bill that prohibits workplace discrimination based on gender and authorizes studies on discrimination.  Republicans voted against it.  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   * Prohibit detention of  **US CITIZENS** without trial  >Vote Smart's Synopsis: Vote to adopt an amendment to S 1867 that prohibits the Armed Forces of the United States from detaining a United States citizen without trial during wartime.  Republicans voted against it.  ---------------------------------------------------------   These are just a few examples. Make no mistake. The republican party will bend over backward to fuck the american people as long as the 1% at the top don't take a hit in their pockets and as long as their backward social ideals can remain in politics which are important for them to get that conservative votebank. Don't fall for vague, equivocating rhetoric used so often by politicians and dogmatic supporters to dismiss clear evidence of their deeds.

	Score: 582
		Don't you think that you're arguing in a not-very-helpful tone when you associate all of the Republican party with this evil? I'm quite sure that there are many Republicans who disagree with you. On issue number one, several Repubs -- including Ted Cruz and Orrin Hatch -- condemned Trump's false equivalency statement on Twitter where he refused to call out the white nationalists specifically. On number three, they are very pro-gun but it is dishonest to frame that as being pro-murder (it's like asserting that being pro-car legalization makes you pro-vehicular manslaughter).  > their foreign policy is conducted by alt-right extremists, traditional aggressive Republicans and a thin skinned bully.   How many? Do you believe *every* Republican fits into one of these categories?  Point I'm going for here is that as a whole, Republicanism is a very vast spectrum of ideas and people. I think your post would be a lot more helpful if you specifically described certain sections or parts of the party, or if you specifically focused on alt-righters in the party; you're going to alienate a lot of conservatives if you just paint them all with a broad brush, and I don't think those of us who are going against the Nazis and the more radical parts of the party can afford to be selective of who is on our side given the predicament we are in.  Also, if I may:  > and their recent laws which made it legal to hit protesters with their cars  Source and context?

	Score: 231
		> Showing a vote talk like this hardly tells a story and it is sad that something like this so easily sways people.  Yes, because how dare us look at what they do instead of listening to the lies they tell us.  Shameful. /s

	Score: 222
		Respectfully, I have tried to indicate I was aware of this.  > I mean yes, several of these votes do have more context to them  I understand the rationale behind some of those laws. I know it'd be ridiculous to conclude that 100% of those votes prove that Repubs are evil, but they are enough to lose good faith with me.

	Score: 213
		[removed]

	Score: 200
		He's conflating "screw over the little guy" with "it's not the government's job to help the little guy" Democrats do that a lot. They see a refusal to take action as a malicious act in of itself.   You're, generally, on the right track.   That being said, the list is still pretty damning, in no small part because the GOP is pretty inconsistent when determining what is the government's job, and what isn't.  The GOP will often take the libertarian stance only when trying to make excuse for something people get angry about. But they have no problem curtailing civil liberties when it comes to gay rights or criminal justice or voting rights.  So it's hard not to be cynical about their motives when they invoke "states rights" 

	Score: 182
		I wish I could say this changed my view but it just confirmed what I already intuitively understood. I really appreciate the time it takes to document these atrocities. Shame on anyone who still holds to that "but both sides…" argument. Yes, both sides are equally guilty of being politicians, with all the money grubbing and dubious choices that come with that. But when the votes are counted, there is a clear difference. 

	Score: 177
		[removed]

	Score: 173
		Why should I put *any* faith in *any* of these groups? With government the process is (at least partially) transparent, easier to voice discontent with, and easier to oversee and alter than *every parent.*   For the sex Ed response, my question is: what if parents just...Don't talk to their kids about sex? Thats their choice and all, but their choice is actively harming the society as a whole. As such, we need to regulate it to make sure that people don't simply "don't." Now, from there, is it easier to make and enforce laws telling all parents "you must tell your kids X and Y by age Z," or is it easier to give that responsibility either to teachers (a group already under specific oversight and professionally trained) and/or a small sector of people hired for this purpose? The democrats side of it is simply more pragmatic and economically feasible, as well as relieving pressure from random people and keeping lazy/shitty/uncomfortable people from harming the rest of us.  As for net neutrality, the same thing: what if they just *don't* figure it out? Currently, huge companies want to abuse their power in one free market to make another market significantly less free. Wouldn't the "free market" approach be to say "hey, don't fuck with free markets"? Wouldn't that be better for competition and small businesses and overall economic health, all of the things Republicans claim to be in favor of?  As for unintended pregnancies: I'm all for states having power, but there should still be oversight, limitations, and rules in place (JUST LIKE we have in place for the federal government) to ensure that they do an okay job of it. Private entities, though? Their goal, their job, is to make money. That's totally fine, and I won't demonize them or fault them for doing that. However, their singular goal being to make money kind of makes them the *worst* candidate to go out of their way to help people, because it goes against their only directive. That's just logic and facts.  Paycheck: What happens if and when they don't pay enough? We're just supposed to... Let them? Hell no. It's really not asking that much to have companies pay full-time employees enough to live.  You claim to be in favor of certain things (free market, economic health, small businesses, livable wages) but you're putting your trust in entities *made to make money,* not entities made to serve their people. And sure, the government is FAR from perfect and often fucks up at that whole "serving the people" thing, but guess what? We have built-in ways to change our government in order to make it suit that purpose more successfully. To make businesses serve the people requires a drastic change to their fundamental goal.  

	Score: 160
		I'll give you the short answer. There is no list like this, their only rebuttal is, "but Democrats." 

	Score: 159
		[removed]

	Score: 157
		So what.  I don't care that someone else blamed them for something else.  I made no declaration or proffered no opinion on that bill or it's subject.  I'm merely stating that looking at the voting record is a much better way to determine what politicians want and are in support of than what they say (and a better predictor of what they will support in the future).  And this goes either way.  Democrats can be equally condemned in this manner (although, depending on your own political views more or less so).  The point being made by /u/DisqualifiedHuman is that in many cases those bills are **objectively** better for society or the people.  He didn't list every possible bit of legislation he agrees with or thinks makes one side look better or worse.  He chose specific legislation that would be of **objectively** benefit.  He also doesn't speak to legislation that would be even better than those provided... as I'm sure there are better ideas than some of those bills represent.  Lastly, one single bill isn't enough to explain away the litany of examples to the contrary.

	Score: 155
		Examples?

	Score: 149
		Pfabs also lied about the Violence Against Woman Act. The criticism of the act is based on falsehood.  Although it's called the "violence against women" act, the text of the act is gender neutral. 

	Score: 146
		I scrolled through the comments of this thread's post, but they all pretty much just say what you had said, again with with no examples.  I apologize if I missed any as I am reading on my phone but I'm fairly certain I saw them all.



CMV: I think many people posting CMVs don't actually want to be convinced of anything but just want an outlet to make an argument/rant that they are proud of.
=======================================

	Score: 168
		Scanning the posts you link, I noticed a distinct aspect of there being lots of discussion, but little from the original poster. With this in mind, it's likely the first part of your view is rock solid, that people don't actually want their view to be changed. But I contend that people post such sometimes controversial, and sometimes far out, ideas for the purpose of not venting, but rather to inspire discussion.  It's hard to tell what one's intentions are. And it's terrible to make overt generalizations. But from the sample you provided, and the reminder that this sub serves any view changed even if it's not the original posters, then we clearly see less of an outlet and more of a starting point for discussion. A discussion that while the original poster might bow out quietly, still rages on by those who choose to discuss.  Which is to say, without making more run on sentences, simply to the effect, that provided with good intent the original poster holds true to submission rule number two, we thus subsequently have in whole, or in part of, a fruit full place in which the spirit of the subreddit can still be held, without having to violate commentary rule number three.  If that makes sense.

	Score: 34
		Looking at your first link, OP didn't necessarily participate a lot, but every time they did participate it was to acknowledge a good point, and overall they thanked the group for providing a lot of useful ideas for clarifying what he thought (and indeed, he agreed eventually that giving to charities that supported the homeless was a better idea than giving to the homeless themselves, which is a significant change in viewpoint). I would count that one as one of CMV's successes.   Perhaps you just need better examples. But the moderators really do spend a lot of time in the background trying to figure out which posts are soapboxing (which we don't like), and which are just people that have strongly held views that they want input on (which is the entire point of this subreddit).  We remove several posts a day that we conclude are soapboxing based on lack of OP response. We fail to approve numerous posts by new or low karma submitters that we judge to be oft-repeated long rants. We remove several more a week that have considerable OP response but that we eventually conclude OP is soapboxing about.   There's no doubt that many people come here to rant. The mods deal with way too many of them to question that. The question is what to do about it.  As to your suggestion, it's not a bad one, but it has a serious flaw: the people coming here to rant are motivated to get their message across, and will jump through procedural hoops like this easily. In contrast, the people that are genuine, but kind of confused about their views will have a much harder time of expressing why they want their view changed.  So do we accept "I don't really know, this view just makes me feel uncomfortable" as a "good enough" explanation of why they want their view changed?   Or by contrast, do we accept "My view seems to be an unpopular one, but I don't know why because it makes so much sense to me." as a reason?  As for the other links, the second one has so little OP participation that if it were posted today we'd remove it for Rule E.   The third one has only 5 votes and very little effort expended on it... which strikes me as basically a non-problem, but it raises an interesting question about your proposal when it says "However, I really don't see why banning people from SPECIFIC COUNTRIES coming in for a short period of time is an issue.". Is that enough "reason" to want their view challenged? Who has to interpret that? If he prefixed it with "Motivation: " would that count?  And yes, the Columbus Day one is a bit of a cluster-fuck. OP participated just enough to get by Rule E, but wasn't actually responding to any of the points were made. Personally, I think we, the mods, fucked up on that one... probably because it's one of those rare "hitler is bad" posts that people actually are willing to argue about and it has a certain train-wreck fascination to it. Mea culpa. 

	Score: 24
		> "For people who have an opinion on something but accept that they may be wrong or want help changing their view."  Sometimes those people aren't the OP, but even if it's just people joining in on the discussion who are the only ones who have their beliefs changed, then this sub still fulfills its purpose.

	Score: 23
		[deleted]

	Score: 18
		I would contend that the same end is met.

	Score: 12
		It fulfills a different purpose, but not the purpose the sub was built for.

	Score: 11
		A run-on sentence is a sentence in which two or more independent clauses are joined without the use of a conjunction or semicolon. It's not just a fancy name for a long sentence.

	Score: 9
		>I think many people posting CMVs don't actually want to be convinced of anything but just want an outlet to make an argument/rant that they are proud of.  First of all, you are right. There are indeed some people who do not *want* to be convinced of anything. People just don't like being proven wrong.   Posting a view to CMV simply puts it up for debate. And no view is "above" debate. OPs will reject counter-arguments, but if a counter-argument is solid, what choice does OP have to acknowledge it? And if OP doesn't acknowledge it, then so what? The poster has already been proven wrong. 

	Score: 9
		In fact, I don't think it's necessary to *want* your view changed. It's totally valid to look for alternatives to your views (and great for keeping an open mind).  For example, I believe that gay marriage should be legal. I have no reason to want to change that view. However, I might want to know if there are any good reasons to think the opposite, and asking people to challenge your view is probably the best way to get convincing arguments against your view (although I've never seen a convincing argument against gay marriage).  I'd argue that this discussion is what the sub is all about, not necessarily actually changing views (the deltas provide a rough way to show how effective of an arguer one is).

	Score: 8
		[deleted]

	Score: 7
		I'm going to argue that it's not necessarily a bad thing. Prior to reddit I spent much time debating issues on various smaller online forums. Rarely were minds changed, but the debate itself was a tool to sharpen the mind.  Debate is healthy. Not because anyone's mind needs to be changed, but because it forces you to actually think about your positions in a meaningful way. Even if posters don't necessarily intend to actually change their view, they're still engaging in and inspiring debate.  And I think the sub is actually better off for this little bending of the spirit of the sub. If the only posts in CMV were ones where the OP actually wanted his view changed, the sub would be pretty limited in a lot of regards. The arguments would be more short lived and less fierce, as OP would jump at any reasonable argument to change his mind. As it stands, I'd rather the OPs in this sub put up a good fight and inspire a more fierce debate than let their view be changed by any old strawman.

	Score: 7
		Your own post violates rule 4 (D): "Meta posts are to be submitted to /r/ideasforcmv."  In my opinion, a person who easily changes a view is either a person who is easily influenced, or a person who hasn't bothered to research their view. If a view is serious enough to be posted here, it should not be easily changed. Many of those views are also essentially correct. They can benefit from being clarified, not discarded.  I'm open to changing my views on a variety of topics if someone presents surprising evidence, but I estimate a low probability that there exists such evidence. If I estimated a high probability, *I wouldn't have that view*. I would like to discuss such views here because I think they are important, both to defend them if I'm right, but also to change them if surprising evidence arises. I'm discouraged from discussing such views here by folks who expect that views should be easily changed for some reason.  I think it detracts from the usefulness of this subreddit that it is named "Change My View". Taken literally, this suggests that only people with non-serious, uninformed, or easily changed views should post here. A more useful name would be "Challenge My View". The rules would remain similar as now, but without the silly expectation that people are going to change important views based on easily available counter-arguments.

	Score: 7
		&#8710;  I agree that the sub should be called Challenge My View, and I had not considered that before, but it makes way more sense than Change My View.

	Score: 6
		> "must include a motive for why you want this view to be changed."  But that isn't always the case.  Why do you think that a poster must *want* their view changed in order for the post to be a valid CMV post?  When someone says "change my view", they can mean it one of two ways:  1. The way you're thinking... "I hate black people and I really wish I didn't, please point out how irrational this view is so I can change this view that I really wish I didn't".  2. As a challenge... "Black people are genetically more pre-disposed to committing crimes than Whites.  This is demonstrably true, because look at the percentage of black people that commit crimes compared to the percentage of White people. Yet some idiots out there still claim that we're all created equal and that skin color has nothing to do with the propensity to commit a crime.  I'm virtually certain that those people are wrong, but if you're one of them, go ahead and take your best shot and try to change my view.  Good luck!"

	Score: 6
		Yeah, we have a problem there, I admit, but the main goal of the rules (in my mind... other mods may disagree) is to allow the moderators to deal with soapboxing as best we can while not discouraging the kinds of people that we actually want.  The soapboxers usually don't have that much of an issue with responding to dozens of people, reiterating their argument over and over. Some do that sort of "hit and run", and that's really the target of Rule E.   Currently, the way we tend to enforce it is that any *substantial* OP involvement protects them from Rule E. A couple of one-liners aren't sufficient, but if they write something significant, relevant, and open-minded to even just one comment we let them by.  It's an interesting point, though, about submissions with hundreds of comments and only a couple of OP responses.   50% is way too much of a burden for any but the most hardcore soapboxers to take on, in my opinion. That many responses is almost a hallmark of soapboxing to me.   I know it's frustrating not having OP respond to your particular comment, but look at it from the viewpoint of someone that *didn't* come here expecting to have a big giant discussion trying to "prove their point" and who gets "lucky" enough to get hundreds of responses, many of them quite similar. It's kind of overwhelming.   I would feel quite satisfied if OP responded to at least one of each of the major categories of comments that people make.   E.g., in any of the recent "Columbus Day" submissions, even if there are hundreds of responses, I'd be very happy if OP responded to even just one of the "Columbus was a product of his time" comments, and one of the "it's really about celebrating the major historical event that was the European colonization of the Americas" comments, and one of the "It's all about Italian American Heritage" comments, and perhaps one of the "How about this alternate holiday instead" comments. 

	Score: 5
		[deleted]

	Score: 5
		Thanks for my 75th delta. I'll put it on a little plaque ensconced on the shelf with the other 74.   I'm going to have to disagree politely about your first link, though. Awarding deltas is a tool, but it's not the point of the subreddit. Fostering polite communication that challenges OP's reasoning as a tool for increasing their understanding is the point.    As long as OP is open minded, I would count refining their understanding of their idea as a victory as well, even if it doesn't substantially change (enough to award a delta anyway).   But in this case I think they did. It's more than a bit late now, but if we had noticed, some mod would likely have encouraged them to award some deltas because their view was pretty clearly shifted significantly, as you can see in comments [like this one](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/1xfnri/i_believe_its_insensitive_to_expect_the_poor_to/cfb7e1j). 

	Score: 5
		There's a difference between a) being *open* to having your view changing and b) *wanting* your view to be changed.  The second is just weird to me. If I wanted my view changed, I would change it. It wouldn't be my view. It also just has a odd connotation of indoctrination to me: "I know I'm a bad person because I have the Bad Belief: please re-educate me in the light of the truth."  I think the spirit of this sub, at least as it has actually evolved, is more in the line of a): open-mindedness. Too often, in debates elsewhere on the internet and in real life, people aren't really engaging with the ideas of the other participants. they just want to get their own view across. But here, people are expected to really listen to responses and carefully reconsider their own opinions in light of them.  What does it mean to be open-minded? It is not the same as being weak-willed or lacking in conviction. The essence is this: a close-minded person says: "I am *absolutely* convinced of my opinion, both now and in any future context of knowledge to which I have not yet been exposed. I will not reconsider it, not matter what future evidence I encounter." In contrast, the open-minded person says: "I may be *absolutely* convinced within the *context* of knowledge I have been exposed to, but I recognize the possibility, if perhaps not the likelihood, that further information might challenge my belief. I should therefore continue to reconsider the basis of my convictions in light of major new evidence."  I think you can be contextually *certain* of a position and argue for it on this subreddit without violating the rules, as long as you accept that your position is not a divine revelation incapable of being challenged and seriously examine the arguments leveled against your position.  On the other hand, if you are just here to propagandize and think that anyone who disagrees with you by definition must be ignorant or corrupt and thus is not worthy of being listened to, then yes, you should leave.

	Score: 5
		Not trying to give you crap. Just pointing out that there's nothing actually wrong with the sentences in your comment.

	Score: 4
		The reason it's "Change My View" rather than "Challenge My View" is what kinds of people that attracts.   We specifically want to attract people that have views (even strongly held views) but that are open-minded about changing them.  "Challenge My View" sounds like a place to have arguments for the sake of having arguments, and that's not really the purpose of this sub. There a dozens of places on reddit and elsewhere to have arguments if that's what you want.   What we're looking for here is *primarily* open-mindedness. A implied intention of changing one's view, *if appropriate*, is important to discouraging people that just want to argue, and *encouraging* people that want to have polite open-minded discussions. 



CMV: The employer's primary duty is not to necessitate workplace diversity, but to employ the most competent people available.
=======================================

	Score: 513
		Really I see two issues here.   The first one is that the hidden assumption here is that diverse work places are not selecting for the best people for the job(s). Is that really the case?  At my last job, it was not diverse; overwhelmingly the workforce was white men, because it was an old company and nepotism was rampant. Getting "in" as an outsider was hard because the firm was intentionally selecting from a non-diverse hiring pool. Even when there were "diversity hires" they tended to be let go pretty quick because the mentality of the firm was an "old boys club" and so the diversity hires were typically shit on until they quit or got fired.   Now here's the catch: most people at that job were not very good at it. There was a lot of people there that were coasting on their laurels or had built up little fiefdoms. Office politics were rampant. Basically survival at the firm had little to do with your performance; what was much more important was "fitting in" and playing the boy's club game. If you did so, you advanced, regardless of your performance. If you didn't, you were sidelined. During my time there I saw many people who had useful input get ignored because they didn't "fit in" to the culture of the middle management. The result was that issues that had been identified months and sometimes years before were never solved because the people identifying them weren't part of the in-crowd. In the long run this hurt the performance of the firm.   Now would a great focus on diversity help this? I think it would. The entry level requirements at that place were simple: you needed a bachelors. Everybody has a bachelors now. So what was the firm selecting on? Culture fit, familiarity, nepotism, and conservative attitudes (they didn't want people to rock the boat). As a result hires were overwhelmingly white men, middle class or up, and educated in "safe" degrees like business management. The result is that the boy's club mentality was never really threatened. I posit that had they been hiring on a more diverse metric, they would have been pulling people in with a larger variety of experiences; this would have weakened the boy's club mentality and allow outside views to break through. Instead, they continue to hire on a close-minded trajectory and the result is that they are constantly trying to re-invent the wheel. Their performance continues to be lukewarm to this day because they have been unable to get out in front of the various challenges facing them.   Second in professional jobs there is rarely one metric of success. Most modern work environments require creative thinking. Specifically here:  >When it comes to reattaching that spine, building that Starship, making that data security air-tight, making game servers run faster, etc.  For all those examples (except attaching a spine) the actual task of *building it* can be done by a person with little to no training. If I'm building a spaceship, as in physically putting the pieces together, I don't really need much education; perhaps just how to work a torch and how to turn a wrench (I'm exagerating but bear with me). At that level of work people are rarely competing on their talent, they're competing on **cost**: firm A hires migrant workers for half the price of firm B, so firm A gets the contract from Musk. We see this across the spectrum: testing a server or testing IT security can be outsourced to third world firms (or AIs), and while we still do most medical operation in house, the amount of education required to be a MD typically reserves it for the best and brightest anyway.   So where does the professional diversity hiring come in to play? In the *solutions*. I can hire firm A with their cheap labor to build me a ship. But I can't hire firm A to *design* me a ship; that's something migrant workers don't know how to do. Similarly, I can outsource my server testing to an AI, but I can't get an AI to build me a better server; that's something I have to do.  In real professional environments, they aren't hiring you for your ability to perform a ordered series of tasks; those jobs are all gone to AI and the ones that are left are so mundane that it's cheaper to get a person to do it (like tool & dye jobs). What your hired for at an engineering firm is your ability to *creatively think of solutions to problems*. Firm C needs a bridge built: you, the engineer, need to design *from scratch* the bridge. There's no "right" way to do that: it's creative work and will require creative thinking.   What does this have to do with diversity? Well it ties in to my first point. Most modern professional work is done by teams of people. It will rarely be just you building the bridge; at best maybe 1 team member will be making sure the numbers add up. But the  full project will be done by a team of people.   So if you have a team of people, all working together on a project that requires creative thinking, doesn't it make sense to want as wide of a variety of experiences and backgrounds on that team as possible? In theory everyone on that team should be capable of making the numbers add up (that's what school shows); once you establish the basic ability to do so, what's most valuable after that? Being able to see *which* numbers to add up.   Imagine you are the hiring manager for firm C. You get two resumes: one from a Harvard grad who got straight A's by focusing entirely on his educational experience. The other is from a smaller university, got a mix of A's and B's, but was involved in campus life and worked a couple part time jobs while he was in school. Who do you suppose will be the more creative thinker? Sure on paper the Harvard grad is "smarter" and possibly more qualified for the task of designing a bridge, and yet I wager that the smaller university grad would be a more valuable asset to the team because he has a wider range of experiences.   That is where I see the value of diversity hiring. The firms that would go for the Harvard grad are probably more conservative and less reflexive. The firms that would take a risk on people who may not be the best of the best but bring a wider range of experiences to the table are probably more dynamic. And unfortunately in America in 2018, race is still shorthand for "different life experience", especially when you factor in the ever growing immigrant population. If I was putting together a team to do some creative work, you damn well bet I would be trying to have as diverse of a team as possible because I want the widest possible range of life experiences and perspectives. In my line of work (communications) that is especially relevant because that diversity will hopefully save you from something like [this](https://www.forbes.com/sites/nicolafumo/2018/01/18/hm-diversity-manager-hire/#5a0add305337). Whether or not you believe that hoodie is racist is irrelevant because some people did and it is now costing the firm money, money that could have been saved if this thing had been avoided. I don't want to assume too much about H&M but the fact that nobody from the production to the controversy said "hey this could be taken the wrong way" tells me they aren't thinking wide enough. 

	Score: 124
		Okay, there are a few things to unpack here so lets go one by one. BTW, I am in tech so I'll use that as the example, here we go:  First, the competence argument when it comes to the technical aspect of the job. You seem to think that there is a high bar for technical competence that only few people can reach. In tech, it's actually quite the opposite. The vast majority of software out there is CRUD apps with different coats of paint on top of them. For the non-technical folk, CRUD refers to create-read-update-delete, which are the 4 operations that most apps/websites do with data. The majority of people who have some basic foundation in programming can pull these off without too much trouble. The vast majority of software engineers simply do not need the competence required to get a job at the Apples and the Googles of the world. Folks in r/cscareerquestions would even argue that you don't need to be the most competent person to work at Google. Therefore, most underprivileged minority engineers will be just as qualified to do the technical work as everyone else. This is how the software industry actually is.  Second, you seem to underestimate the power of implicit biases humans carry and how they affect their decisions. Now that we have established that being technically qualified is not that high of a bar, people have to cut candidates somehow. People will often use their biases as a way to make decisions. Here is my own story, one guy and I were interviewing for this job for Android development, we were both qualified enough in the tech aspect because, again, it is not that hard to be qualified. I beat him and got the job, wanna know why? Because my boss' main implicit negative bias is liberals since he is a white libertarian dude so he picked me because the other guy had "too many bernie stickers on his computer". This. happens. all. the. time. There was a study released recently about how the same github commit is more likely to be rejected if the author is a woman.  Third, you underestimate the importance of other/soft skills for a job in science/tech. Going back to my story, I am liberal AF too yet I can tell you my boss made the right decision hiring me, either knowingly or unknowingly. Why? Because I came from retail and in retail you get used many different people and many different personality types. There are nothing but crazy to mild right wingers at my job, yet we get along and have fun with each other, even when politics are involved. Why? Because I know people well at this point and I know just how much I can push each person and just what buttons not to press. It gets even more challenging when you consider that I am actually Latino, but again, soft skills are just as important as technical skills. I guarantee you the other dude would have quit in 6 months given the difference in politics. It is expensive to hire and ramp up engineers so that would have been a costly mistake.  The real world simply does not work the way you think it does. I used to think that STEM was a meritocracy as well and it isn't. There is a saying out there that goes something like this, "Science advances one funeral at a time". Why? Because no one is going to challenge someone's theories while he/she is still alive. There are politics involved just like everywhere else. People will not challenge the top dog's work until the top dog is no longer around.  The link below is a fun story. A respected scientist proposed a theory about a planet that supposedly existed somewhere but was never actually found. People spent almost 80 years looking for it until the scientist died and Einstein came along and proposed his own theory about why the planet did not actually exist.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vulcan_(hypothetical_planet)

	Score: 92
		>Don’t reduce employment standards.   There’s that assumption again, the one you claim not to be making. That in order to increase diversity, employers are (or must) reduce employment standards.   >It's just that for black people specifically, the few who manage to get into those fields are those few who not only had an awareness/interest, but also the opportunity for a good education. They met the qualifications, they got the job.  Many people (including myself) would disagree with this strongly. That there are many black people out there who are completely qualified but who don’t get the interview, don’t get the job. You claim that employers are accurately evaluating top talent, and “for some reason” it ends up not diverse. I’d argue that employers have bias in their selection process that leaves out eminently qualified people of color. This is supported by studies that change names on resumes, etc. I don’t believe you have any evidence to support your conclusion.   

	Score: 67
		There's a few things about hiring you are forgetting.  You are only thinking a out individual skillsets.    Team building: When looking for a team fit, unless you have a specific work distribution role (i.e. we have 4/5 coders so we need one more), you usually need a combination of different skillsets.  No point on having 5 goal keepers, you need diverse roles.   Team fit: a lot of the recruiting effort has to be hiring for the existing team's behaviour.  Is the team combative?  Too disengaged?  Not bound enough?  This is so understimated by recruiters that it's a common problem in organizations.   Social fit: when the team you are building has a cultural background that is detached from the community you sometimes have some unique problems.  It's not so bad (but never zero) if the goal is engineering or software, but can be deadly if you have some community related goal like service or publicity.    So, it does not boil down to "we need to hire a latina, because ... like ... diversity", this is a strawman.  It can be something as basic as "the team is too female/millennial/immigrant dominant" to something as sophisticated as getting the team's relational map and iterating a team fit that boosts them where they are weak.    Disregarding diversity as an organizational value is as bad for business as disregarding technical skills.  

	Score: 63
		> hen, they'd be qualified for the job. It's exactly what I'm saying. Can you do the job? Then, you have it.  Yes but your post suggests that underprivileged minorities are not qualified because the bar is too high when in reality it is the opposite. Most are qualified because the bar is not that high.  > About the implicit bias thing, I admit that I haven't thought of a possible way to fight it.  Quite frankly, I cannot think of a way either. If you make the process completely blind, you ignore non-technical qualifications which are as important as technical qualifications.   > But isn't that where some more objective tests of skill should come in?  Sure but you would ignore the importance of soft skills to the position and possibly hire the best test taker. Your post suggests you're still in college so I feel the need to point out that the real world simply does not work that way. You need far more than test taking skills to be an asset.  > True, but your soft skill is technically part of the qualification. With that said, all things remaining equal (including soft skills), wouldn't employers always want the more skilled person?  Sure but you're suggesting that an underprivileged minority would have the inferior soft skills. Quick aside, as others have suggested, you seem to think that underprivileged minorities are always inferior, you should delve into why you have that bias. Back into the topic, I would strongly argue that an underprivileged minority will have stronger soft skills more often than not. By the time, they get hired, they will have:  1. Faced rejection more often than non-privileged minorities so they will be more persistence in the face of failure.  2. Realized the importance of knowing your audience because they will have spent much time dealing with non-privileged minorities at work, their own race but at a lower income level, family or friends possibly, and their own race at the same income level, other PoCs at work. Each group requires a different sensibility.  3. Dealt with being the only non-privileged minority at their office and the challenges that brings when connecting with management and other colleagues.  I could go on. You simply develop a different skill set when your life experiences are wildly different than the experiences of the privileged group and that skill set is very valuable to a company if they can harvest it. In tech, this goes for women as well, since they are underrepresented. Check [this](http://www.businessinsider.com/companies-with-women-in-leadership-roles-perform-better-2016-6) out.  You need to realize just how bad monocultures are. To use my company as an example, it's a white, male, sexist monoculture. Therefore, the decisions we make are inherently white, male and sexist. Case in point, we are going to do some ads for one of our products and what is being floated around is a hot woman showing off the product, sexist AF. It's a health product, there is no reason to not advertise to everyone. Sure, we will sell units to sexist men but you will not sell units to the man who has a wife that hates the ad. Monocultures often forget to look outside their walls and realize that we are all connected. 

	Score: 58
		You effect society by affecting it's institutions. No black leads in movies means that black and white people don't have cultural indicators that black people can be the protagonist, can have the same life issues. No black employees at the programming firm tells people that black people cannot be programmer's.  Jobs are a core part of our society, a foundational part. There is no abstact ”social” part to life. The social is made up of all the parts of our daily lives, which jobs take a whole 1/3rd of. Intentionally trying to hire more diverse people, that all fit the job requirements, is addressing the problems at a societal level. 

	Score: 57
		> Frankly, it's not in the employer's business to have a diverse workplace  It actually makes a lot of business sense:  * [Diverse companies see higher profit and have better focus — here's why](http://uk.businessinsider.com/benefits-of-diverse-companies-2017-3) * [Businesses perform better when they have greater ethnic and gender diversity, study reveals](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/business-ethnic-gender-diversity-performance-levels-better-study-workplace-office-mckinsey-a8166601.html)  * [Why Diverse Teams Are Smarter](https://hbr.org/2016/11/why-diverse-teams-are-smarter)  > Employment in any STEM-related field should be purely based on merit. Blindly so, even. If possible, all demographic metadata should be completely obscured in the employment process. If the majority of people that end up employed are whites and Asians, then so be it.  Here's a way in which meritocracy can be maintained, while also increasing diversity over time:  Only apply affirmative action (i.e. quotas) to all remaining candidates *of equal skill and suitability* at the very end of the interview process. E.g. if the last 3 candidates end up with the same scores after all interview rounds have finished, the company could choose the person who would increase diversity in their company culture (i.e. based on minority membership.) That way, no one's merits are disregarded.

	Score: 57
		> But if I were to buy you two different pairs of headphones of the same price, even though there would still be subjectivity as to which is better, we can test for stuff like impedance, frequency response, dynamic range, physical durability, etc. See? More objectivity.  I'm glad you gave this example.  We can objectively measure things, but the simple act of choosing *what to measure* is not objective. A lab with only short-haired people might not even think to evaluate whether headphones would be comfortable for people with greater volume of hair.  A lab with only male workers might not think to evaluate if the headphone manufacturing process releases breast-cancer-causing chemicals into the environment.  People may "seem" to be focusing on diversity for its own sake, but they aren't. They are focusing on diversity because we have increasing evidence that diversity improves outcomes. Humans are biased and we benefit from trying to counter that bias.  More diverse workplaces solve problems that homogeneous groups might not even realize exist.

	Score: 56
		So afaik the current standard in hiring practices is to hire the best possible candidates and has been for ever. Diversity initiatives typically focus on making sure that the best candidates are not ignored due to irrelevant factors such as their race. So I suppose I don't understand where this CMV is coming from? It seems to me that you think that currently firms are hiring black people who are not qualified for the positions they are hiring for? Where does that view come from?  It's hard to CMV when the person who has posted the view isn't particularly clear about what part of the status quo they want people to argue against? afaik there are plenty of black people in STEM (there was at my university), the over-representation of Asians is predominately from the international community who expect their children to return to their home country after they graduate, not because Asians are inherently more likely to prioritize mathematics over pop culture. It is strange to me that you believe that different races are more or less likely to be interested in pop culture work over STEM work.   I have yet to see any compelling evidence to believe that there has been a decline in employment standards. If anything employment standards are higher than ever; while 2 decades ago a university education was considered enough, now that is barely enough to get your resume in the pile. Applicants today are expected to have university, work experience, volunteer experience, unpaid experience, and preferably multiple languages and post-grad as well. Why do you think that employment standards are decreasing when the requirements to enter professional work is higher than ever?  Also your reply did not address my points about combating nepotism and hiring for creative capacity, both of which is far more important to the success of a firm than the raw competence qualifications of any one employee, especially since currently professionals can expect at least 1 year of development training at any given firm they join regardless of their pre-existing skills. What say you to those points?  edit: just saw your other reply. I'll take the delta thanks holmes 

	Score: 55
		> because it was an old company and nepotism was rampant  Well, if their company fails due to their corruption, they'll reap what they sowed.   > For all those examples (except attaching a spine) the actual task of building it can be done by a person with little to no training  !delta because you reminded me that not all parts of STEM are highly technical like that. But this introduces a new problem - the people at the upper echelons, the professional levels, will still remain the privileged group. Maybe minorities will be allowed to be HR people, welders, etc but as for the Engineers, Data analysts, etc? Still white people or Asians as the caste may be...oh, that was no typo. It creates a professional caste system, and unfortunate implications with it. But, baby steps are still steps so I see your point.

	Score: 50
		I mean the long game is that the old people retire and/or die and the people with the most in-firm experience are the ones that replace them. That said you're basically right about the short term, you do end up with a two-tier system. I think the firms that try to combat a two-tier system are the ones that are going to do well going forward, and the ones that accept that a two-tier system is "natural" or worse, adopt the posture that there is two sets of rules (i.e. one for the entry level teams and one for the "'good ol' boys up top") are probably going to be in for a bumpy ride. 

	Score: 48
		I'll start with something specific and take it on a more general level  > This may sound prejudiced coming from someone who'd otherwise consider their self a progressive, but here's the thing: Science, by its very nature, is a 'meritocracy'. Your output will always reflect your skill level and competence  Says someone who never did any science. Science is far from this meritocracy utopia you're imagining. There are politics. There are favoritism. There are "friends of friends". It's absolutely common to have a method chosen over another because of the person suggesting it instead of its merit. You can easily find hundreds of stories both in the academy and the private about how someone got screwed up because of something not technical   Even deeper than that, science, specially cutting edge science, isn't always objective. It's easy to spot to methods that are equally viable, each with its own strength and weakness. It's a judgement call to decide which one will be implemented  ===  Now, for the general part  First, you're creating a false dichotomy. Companies can hire the best and the more diverse. The two are not mutually exclusive. Again, in the real world there's rarely this objectivity you seem to believe. It's common to have to candidates that are somewhat similar in terms of skill, one white and one not white. You chose the latter if your company has a diversity problem  Second, and it seems you know about it since you said "Any issues with diversity should be addressed at the societal level of education, culture, etc", but society isn't fair. It's disingenuous to call for meritocracy when the system is already rigged. Minorities are miniroties for a reason. A societal reason. An economic reason. Depending on what minority, centuries of oppression.   There's no easy way to fix such a deep wound. Getting some white boy out of specific job is a minuscule price to pay for a more equal society. It would be amazing there was some other option besides forcing it, but there is none that we, as a society, were able to come up with.   

	Score: 47
		> But as for the coding, animation, rendering, etc...you need people with the technical skills, and nothing more    You are drawing an imaginary line there.  Coding and animation are creative processes, and having different types of people working together is more valuable than having a team of people of the same gender, culture, education and even city of birth.    Even at the most mechanical and repetitive level, where you need the exact same skill and no creative process involved, and teamwork is a minimum, let's say a team of bus drivers that meet once a month.  Some sort of diversity will be more valuable than lack of it: from different ways of organising their time which helps managers find the good or best practices, different ways of driving that yield different fuel consumption or route efficiencies, to the social interaction in the monthly meeting where a different perspective always contributes to the mind.  This is valuable for the company that has them working for you 40 hours a week and probably thinking about you a lot more than that.    Diversity is not a skill or a feature, it's a value.  I can imagine few scenarios where diversity works against you: military efficiency, totalitarian companies, extremely small organisations where you must favour a personal business approach for short term success (someone invented a special sock and needs 3 knitters to replicate it under that person only).  And even then diversity is unavoidable and must be used both in your favour and mitigated when it suits the goal.    By the way, diversity one of those things that are both feared, unavoidable and desired.  It's a tricky topic and I am not surprised there are...diverse opinions on how to approach it.  

	Score: 46
		I think the disconnect is that you seem to assume that people's skills nicely line up in a "you would be 1st best at this job, you would be 2nd best at this job, you would be 3rd best at this job" sort of way. In school you get nice, handy GPA rankings but the real world isn't like that.  You seem to be assuming that companies are not choosing from the "you'd be great at this job" pool and are instead pulling from the "you'll suck at this job" pool for the sake of diversity.  What this thread is trying to get across is that that is wrong on a few levels.  The first being that there is some perfect, objective ordering of candidates that reveals an objective best pick. Even in technical fields that just isn't the case by. By the time you are to your final interviews you have a pool of candidates that are all likely going to be great at that job (or that might wash out for some reason). That is what the responder means when they say the bar isn't that high. You say "well then if you have the qualifications you get the job." Their point is that almost every hiring includes turning away lots of people who have the qualifications, so other factors are always at play.  The second assumption is that even if there were some sort of objective "you are the perfect person for his role" that someone's resume or interview is going to perfectly reveal that in a nice perfect metric. First off, almost no two resumes line up in a perfect "you did x but for 3 years with 98% success while you did x for 2.5 years with 97% success. It is always comparing one person's apples at company A with another person's oranges at company B, and trying to weigh the two.  And even if you were able to perfectly match resume A and B, given the Git study, given what we know about biases in education, hiring, etc... a woman who has managed an identical resume to a man may have actually demonstrated greater aptitude and grit to make it to the same place. That certainly isn't always the case, but the more to dig in and talk to people about there experiences in classrooms, at jobs, and at networking events the more you find that implicit and explicit bias are alive and well. The more it seems like diversity initiatives may be a great way of poaching talent underappreciated elsewhere.  Lastly, to your main premise. A company's only responsibility isn't to make great widgets. It's to make great widgets while being a place where top employees don't leave because they feel unwelcome or singled out. It is to make great widgets while having a culture customers will be excited to work with. It is to make great widgets while generating good PR to pull in New customers.  The point people here are trying to make is that companies aren't sacrificing their ability to make great widgets (or bridges, or surgeries, or web pages). They are picking from the pool of people who would all male good widgets but who they think also will satisfy some of their other goals. 

	Score: 44
		>Employment in any STEM-related field should be purely based on merit. Blindly so, even. If possible, all demographic metadata should be completely obscured in the employment process. If the majority of people that end up employed are whites and Asians, then so be it.  This is considered a method for promoting diversity because often times resumes are more likely to be thrown out for being seen as less "insert qualitative trait here". People may not be doing this actively or consciously since the hiring process is so subjective, which is why what you're saying would be promoting a more equal and diverse hiring process. There was actually a [study](http://www.nber.org/papers/w9873.pdf) done where a group of researchers gave employers the same resume with predominantly white names or predominantly african american names. The white sounding names got 50% more callbacks in general. They also tested the strength of the resume, the white sounding names got 30% more callbacks with the stronger resume whereas the African American sounding names got 9% more callbacks.   I think the main issue that you're not addressing is how discrimination can take place in the hiring process. You can say that people should hire based on the person's ability but how are we supposed to do that if someone might unconsciously viewing someone from a different race or sex as less qualified? A lot of the hiring process is based on quantifiable achievements and ability but a large other half of it is the personality of the person. Interviews are often for vetting the person themselves and to see how they interact with people rather than anything substantial about their abilities. Promoting diversity in the workplace is about equitable and nondiscriminatory hiring practices rather than prejudicial preference for minorities.   

	Score: 44
		You’re significantly underestimating how much of success relies on prior success.   So let’s imagine two engineering candidates, one white, one black.   Both went to state schools, did decently well. White guy got a merit scholarship, black guy got a diversity scholarship.   They more or less did similarly, but the white guy did a lot better in some first year courses which overlapped with his senior year coursework in high school, so they finish with slightly different GPAs. Maybe a 3.3 vs 3.1.   Both candidates are likely perfectly capable. Most of the experience you need to be a good engineer is learned on the job. And the student who comes from a more disadvantaged background and still finishes a university degree probably has more personal drive than the student who had every opportunity brought to him.   I know this because my resume is literally the white guy’s here. I’ve had every opportunity handed to me. Sure, I worked hard to be successful, but a LOT of my personal success was mentors seeing potential in me and pulling some strings. I’ve talked to some of my colleagues who come from disadvantaged backgrounds. They’ve had to work through a LOT more extra stuff to get where we are. And they’re more thankful and loyal for it. 

	Score: 39
		Employers would like to hire the most productive workers they can. Strong agree.  But as it turns out most employers have no good way to determine this. We imagine that there are reliable indicators for what makes a "good employee" but that's simply not true for most jobs. In most companies there's no feedback into the hiring process that makes it improve anymore -- it's just a handful of people making whatever hiring decision "feels" right to them. This has been studied in all sorts of environments from entry-level no-skill jobs to military promotions; in general organizations are very bad to guessing which people will have the best future performance.  So in practice what happens is organizations hire people with similar backgrounds to the people already in the organization. This happens both in formal ways -- firms that actively engage in nepotism or select candidates only from certain schools or with precise previous job experience -- and in informal ways like hiring people with the same interests in sports or who feel like they'll make fast friends. And to some degree that's a rational strategy to reduce risk because you know some people with that background are at least good enough at the job. But that's not the same as actually finding the highest quality workers, no matter what goal the organization might imagine.  Diversity practices are a way to combat that natural bias. We sometimes talk about diversity practices as though they're a detriment to the organization that we undertake for social purposes, but there's good evidence that organizations with higher diversity also have higher productivity and innovation -- so diversity isn't a trade between social fairness and business productivity, it is itself a strategy to improve the quality of employees.  And that's not just hopeful liberal nonsense -- it's something that conservative business culture seems to believe, and that's supported by many, many academic studies. For example:   https://www.forbes.com/sites/ekaterinawalter/2014/01/14/reaping-the-benefits-of-diversity-for-modern-business-innovation/#55af8afc2a8f  http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/job.724/full

	Score: 34
		> Outright state that you want more women/minorities to apply in your workplace so that  > I mean, if you know you're not going to employ someone why not just tell the person at the very beginning?  But that's not the case at all. They don't want fewer men to apply. In this scenario, meritocracy is the company's primary goal, and diversity only comes second. Men who are better than minority candidates are always going to be preferred, even if that decreases diversity. The more men apply, the more likely it is that at least one of them will outperform the minority applicants.  > except that it should be done publicly, at the preliminaries rather than at the last minute  That is fine. The messaging would be something like: "In cases of equal qualification, aptitude and expertise of the applicants, minority applicants will be given preferential treatment in positions where they are underrepresented". I agree that it's best to communicate this upfront.  BTW: you haven't addressed my first counter-argument about the studies that say that diversity increases business performance and profits. On that alone, it could make sense to not always hire the most merited applicants. If you really do think that a company should just do what's in their best interests, then why doesn't that convince you?

	Score: 30
		Okay, I see what you mean. Here are the issues:  > Underprivileged minorities are likely to have inferior qualifications in one regard - technical expertise. Why? Because of no access to the proper requisite education, at the preliminary level.  I think the baseline assumption that we are both making is that an underprivileged minority graduated college with the engineering degree in question. Otherwise, they would not even be an applicant. So given that...  > Let's say you're a civil engineering firm hired to make a bridge - if you don't output the best quality bridge capable of withstanding stress, heat, etc and your bridge fails, you're screwed. Not only are people's lives in your hands, but it gives you bad PR.   There is no best bridge. There are far more aspects to making a bridge than the civil engineering aspect of it. You have budget, time constraints, etc. So you may still make a shit bridge simply because of factors outside of the engineer's control. Factors that have nothing to do with his qualifications. I could even argue that the minority engineer may do a better of getting accounting to pony up some money due to his soft skills.  > Designing a good bridge requires technical expertise attained at the educational level and beyond.  In school yes, in the real world, you have different constraints. There is no best bridge in the real world.  You also make two incorrect assumptions:  First, the entire livelihood of the bridge is on this one minority engineer. In reality, there are tons of engineers working on a project and each engineer only works on a small part. This one minority engineer will not crumble the bridge by himself.  Second, this minority engineer needs some magical knowledge that only the best education money can buy can attain and anything less will destroy the bridge. That's not how it works. All you learn in engineering school is some basics in the specific domain, problem solving to work through issues, how to use industry-specific software, which BTW handles the error-prone components like calculations, and how to document your work. Every accredited engineering school does this, so if the engineer graduated, the engineer is qualified for entry level work.  Seriously, I work in software engineering and the most math we use is modulus. Again, we don't all need to be Google-level qualified.  

	Score: 29
		Hi OP. I hope I am not too late to provide an answer. I am a biomedical engineer who works at a company making life saving implantables. The short version? Our devices are extremely complicated and if they don't work as intended, people can die. I also help with our diversity initiatives since I am a minority in multiple ways.   The first thing I would say, especially in places like the company I work for, we cannot hire people who are not qualified. No matter who they are. It is just too risky. However, we still have a lot of diversity and inclusion initiatives to make sure our employees are diverse and engaged. There is a perception in your original post that when hiring diverse candidates, you lower the quality of the employees. That is not the case. Instead, what we are trying to do is make sure we really are hiring the best (technically and teaming) person possible and not just the most familiar person possible. It is true, many companies are mostly white men. Due to systematic racism, especially in America, white men were the only ones who could really succeed for a long time. However, we know that now the candidate pool is much more diverse. Additionally, in 20 years, the candidate pool will be WAY more diverse. As a company, we had to say to ourselves, if we keep hiring like we did 20 years ago, will we really be able to succeed 20 years from now? Additionally, if everyone here looks the same, talks the same, was educated the same, etc., are we really hiring the best? Or just the most comfortable fit??   Other people here have posted studies showing diverse teams are better for business due to creativity and problem solving so I wont get into that. I am going to assume you are already aware of this. Instead, I will provide some other reasons for our diversity initiatives.  Early on, every so often, we would get a great diverse candidate that exceeds the performance of our standard pool of employees. But we could never keep them. Why? If you are black (and GREAT at your job) but everyone around you is white and doesn't care about diversity, doesn't value your diversity, doesn't tolerate or accept your difference, would you stay at that company? Probably not. I am not saying they were outwardly racist. Instead, they just didn't care. It wasn't anything real to them. They never experienced it firsthand, so they just didn't believe it existed. That was their privilege. And the black employee suffered from that silence. There was a disconnect in how included they felt. This was a common theme we heard in our exit interviews. That was the first indicator that something wasn't right.   A lot of people here have pointed to this study (http://www.nber.org/papers/w9873.pdf) where identical resumes were sent out, some with common "white names" and others with common "black names." We all know what happened, right? The resumes with the black names got fewer call backs even with the SAME resume. But I don't think anyone has mentioned the second part to that study. After those initial results, they changed the resumes a bit so the ones with the "black names" were actually MORE qualified than the white resumes. EVEN THEN, the white names got more call backs. So what's going on?? I'm sure you've already guessed--there was an implicit bias.   My last point is one I know first hand. At my company we have a lot of Native Americans building our devices. We noticed that even though there is a large Native American population that is extremely knowledgeable on how to make devices (and make them cheaper, faster, better, with less injuries to team members), barely any Native Americans were being promoted. Why? Were they not applying for the promotions?? Nope, in fact, they did apply, a lot! But they were almost always getting turned down. We did a review of the interview notes and found some common themes. One of the biggest ones was something like "applicant isn't trustworthy" or "applicant seems to be searching for answers" or "applicant may be lying". There was a lot of review that went into this but I will give you the short version. I am not sure if you work with many Native American people but, stereotypically, they do not look other people in the eye. In their culture, it is a sign of disrespect to look someone in the eye. They naturally, culturally, look away. What does white, american culture (and me too) assume about people looking down or looking away while answering questions? "Seems like they don't know the answer or are lying." You see, this was an instance of unconscious bias. Now, here is the part for discussion. Does looking someone in the eye make them a better employee? Eh, not really. But when you have a interview panel that is not aware of this bias and applicants that naturally do something minor that works against them EVEN IF they are really just trying to be respectful, it was no wonder we had this strange pattern. I want to state firmly, none of the interviewers were outwardly racist. They were just unaware of their unconscious bias. Well, of course. It's unconscious!   To summarize, diversity initiatives help us be more fair and better prepared for the future. We need to look for discriminatory patterns and correct them. We need to educate our fellow employees, especially those in recruiting and HR. We need to have diverse hiring teams. We need to challenge the familiar and comfortable. We need to understand our biases of which there are over 150 (https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/~/media/Files/documents/executive-development/unc-white-paper-the-real-effects-of-unconscious-bias-in-the-workplace-Final)! We need to be ok with hiring the diverse candidate when we are stuck choosing between two perfectly qualified candidates.  Sure, we need to make sure the company is making money. But we also need to make sure that we, as a company in this society, at this time, do our part to tear down systematic racism because that is the only way we will fix the complex problems of our future. 



CMV: If the US is going to remove all memorials to white slave owners, they also need to remove all memorials to Native American slave owners (Statue of Chief Seattle in Seattle, Statue of Montezuma in San Diego, Chief Vann House Historic Site in Chatsworth, Georgia).
=======================================

	Score: 1310
		The statues taken down aren't being removed for being slave owners, but because they specifically led armies and/or a country created out of what basically amounts to treason against the United States (secession and war) for the express purpose of allowing slavery.

	Score: 950
		The only way for your view to be changed is for you to accept a few premises before you even talk about the statues.  The first is that black people suffer continued subjugation to white people in America and, as such, see worse outcomes in a whole host of areas.  The second is that the only way to redress these historical injustices is direct action to combat them.  The third is that black people should have the same legal standing as white people and that Jim Crow is shameful and immoral.  I am not going to attempt to convince you of any of those ideas. In my experience, it is impossible to convince someone of those things. Some white people simply prefer to live in a world where racism is a thing of the past and *if* that's you, I won't be able to convince you.  However, if you accept all three of those statements as being largely true, the argument for removing the statues is this:  The statues are not about slavery or confederate pride. They are about white supremacy. They were put up not to celebrate the men depicted (Robert E. Lee opposed confederate monuments in his lifetime) but were put up when the civil rights movement began gaining steam as a direct pushback against the civil rights movement. Their purpose is not commemorating the men depicted, but rather to reaffirm white supremacy. Taking them down is an important symbolic act in the fight for equality for all.  Therefore, because the other statues you cited were not put up for the same purpose and don't represent the same things, they would be left out of the drive to remove confederate statues. I want to point out, there may be other reasons to remove those statues.  Essentially, you are misunderstanding the reason activists want confederate statues removed.

	Score: 596
		Treason requires both an owing of allegiance to a country and then levying war against that country (or adhering to and aiding the enemies of that country in a war).  Native Americans saw the United States as an invading force which was seeking to conquer their lands and peoples who had existed since long before the United States existed, and the wars they fought were wars against that invading/conquering force.  Keep in mind also that native Americans were [excluded from US citizenship until 1924](http://www.americaslibrary.gov/jb/jazz/jb_jazz_citizens_1.html) and because of their exclusion from citizenship, could not owe allegiance to a country which rejected them as members of that country.

	Score: 370
		> Others say they were erected to honor the sacrifice of Confederate soldiers  And nobody, I mean NOBODY, is saying that we should bulldoze Confederate battle sites or exhume Confederate graves.  The families of Confederate soldiers are alive today, and while I hope they would acknowledge that their ancestors were on the wrong side of history, they certainly deserve to have their ancestors treated honorably and left in peace.  But few of these monuments were built at grave sites, or birth places, or the homes of famous Confederates, or at Confederate battle sites. They were instead built at places of civil authority (courthouses, public parks and university campuses) as a message to people who use those facilities: we're still in charge, and you'd better stay in line.  EDIT: I probably shouldn't have said nobody, because there's always somebody. But I remain comfortable with the assertion that very few people would propose exhuming or moving actual graves, or destroying battle site memorials.

	Score: 341
		∆Solid points.   Intent should be considered above impact.   Some say the Confederate statues erected in the 1920s were intended to promote white supremacy. Others say they were erected to honor the sacrifice of Confederate soldiers who fought and died for state sovereignty over a distant government. The statues of Seattle and Montezuma were intended to honor Native Americans.   The Native American statues were put on public display with good intentions. I can't say that with the Confederate statues. 

	Score: 256
		 ∆Excellent point! You can't commit treason against a country of which you are not a citizen.

	Score: 226
		Nicest and clearest response possible. Thanks for your input. !delta     The goalposts on this debate keep getting moved to better fit the narrative of those who are, effectively,'pro keeping-the-statues-up'.  I think it's pretty important to remember the actual framework/reasoning of why they should be taken down.     

	Score: 189
		Monuments to white slave owners are not being removed.  No one is tearing down the Jefferson Memorial nor leveling Mount Rushmore. The statues and monuments being removed commemorate the treasonous individuals who rebelled to defend the institution of slavery.  Additionally, the majority of these monuments were built during the 1920s and 30s to show support of Jim Crowe laws and remind emancipated blacks that they were still lesser.  The Native Americans you named did not practice racial chattel slavery like the south did, although there were tribes that did like the Cherokee.  However, the Cherokee a) did not wage war against the United States to defend slavery, b) were not American citizens to begin with, so they couldn't commit treason, and c) didn't have monuments built to them explicitly to strengthen racial divides.  Edit: people probably reveled too, but I meant to type rebelled. Fixed.

	Score: 159
		Solid points, only one thing I want to add:  >Some say the Confederate statues erected in the 1920s were intended to promote white supremacy. Others say they were erected to honor the sacrifice of Confederate soldiers who fought and died for state sovereignty over a distant government.  I didn't see a lot of civil war enthusiasts and history buffs coming out to protest their relocation. I did see a lot of white supremacists and Nazis, though.

	Score: 99
		And the statues were put up in the mid-1900s for the purpose of promoting racism.

	Score: 90
		So I have a few objections here. 1) Seattle and Montezuma did not practice chattel slavery based on an ideology racial superiority. All slavery is bad, but chattel slavery is the worst. Slavery became part of warfare for many historical people because their was no practical way to imprison captured enemy soldiers. Chattel slavery is slavery done not for military reasons, but done for profit. Unlike prior forms of slavery, chattel slavery made slavery inheritable through blood, allowing children to be ripped from the arms of their mothers to be sold off, and condemning entire generations, not just individual enemy soldiers. 2) The statue of Chief Vann is on a historic site. Not too many people have a problem with statutes of confederate soldiers existing on historical sites, graveyards, battlefields, because those areas allow the figure to be put into context. 3) None of these figures committed treason by waging a war, over their perceived right to continue the barbaric institution of slavery, which killed 620,000 Americans, the bloodiest single war America has ever fought, and for the worst of reasons. 

	Score: 77
		This is a point that's conveniently being ignored by many.  I also heard the argument that confederate soldiers were declared to be US military veterans, so these statutes are honoring vets.  Of course, that law was passed in the 1950s.  IMHO, overturn that law, then bring the statues of traitors down. The tolerance of southern culture's glorification of their treason may have been necessary during reconstruction to preserve the still fragile union, but it's gone on too long and led to a situation in which "heritage" has been corrupted to serve as an umbrella or shield for hatred, racism, and celebration of treason. It started before the ink on the terms of surrender has dried...it's time to set that right.

	Score: 63
		You honestly believe we should demolish the Washington Monument and the Jefferson Memorial, as well as Mt Rushmore?

	Score: 63
		Not to be too coy, but Mel Gibson in Braveheart makes almost the exact same reply to the English when he's being charged with treason. Despite the source, It's a very valid viewpoint 

	Score: 62
		I don't think this has anything to do with slave ownership.   George Washington owned slaves and his statue is not being taken down from anywhere.    This is about the men who led a military movement to preserve slavery as an institution. A completely different thing. 

	Score: 62
		I'd also like to point out that it's not just the historical context, but also because of their modern day symbolism that they are being taken down.   People don't look on these statues of confederates as dark reminders of our shameful racial history. To some they are symbols that our shameful racial history has never truly gone away, and to others they are even symbols of hope for a return to those days. 

	Score: 61
		Because the former committed treason? And led a secession movement of which a central component was keeping slaves. 

	Score: 58
		Why would you want your view changed? Or are you simply looking for a discussion?  > If America wants to completely condemn the practice of slavery, it should not only remove memorials to white slave owners, but also memorials to non-white slave owners.  Well of course. Nobody should be discriminated or favored based on some trivial attribute like being native American, black, or white. **That is just the logical conclusion of the desire to condemn slavery**, unless you actually do hold some discriminatory principles in there as well - though in my eyes, discrimination is pretty much irrational. I could argue for empathy/the golden rule being a rational thing, but I don't know if I should.

	Score: 56
		> Some say the Confederate statues erected in the 1920s were intended to promote white supremacy. Others say they were erected to honor the sacrifice of Confederate soldiers who fought and died for state sovereignty over a distant government.  But the state sovereignty in question is itself *white supremacy.* All of the contemporary documents and declarations of the time period directly reference both slavery as an institution and the supremacy of white people over black people as causes of their rebellion.  The "states' rights" interpretation is coded language that came along afterwards as it became, as it were, "politically correct" not to rub the South's nose in the actual cause of its ignominy. Generations of students were taught American history that sought to downplay the racism of the conflict if for no other reason than Southern school boards were more inclined to purchase textbooks that let them save face.  And even if that were not the case, even if these confederate monuments were not erected much much later as symbols intended to make a statement about the proper order of things, even if they were intended as mere history and symbols of local sovereignty, you *still* cannot dictate to everyone what symbols mean. Symbols mean different things to different people, and it would still legitimate for people to say "these monuments represent white supremacy," and that's a true statement. And if we as a society value respect and inclusion of all people, is there anything wrong with deciding it's better to make nobody feel unwelcome or second-class even if that wasn't the intended message?

	Score: 56
		> Others say they were erected to honor the sacrifice of Confederate soldiers who fought and died for state sovereignty over a distant government.  This is sort of a side point, but I see this statement circulating around a lot. However, the idea that Confederate soldiers fought for only state sovereignty and not slavery [is actually a myth](https://www.livescience.com/13673-civil-war-anniversary-myths.html). Many states in their Declaration of Secession clearly state slavery as their reason for leaving the Union.



CMV: The idea that taxation is theft is a clear sign of a failure in the educational system.
=======================================

	Score: 418
		Robert Nozick is one of the original thinkers to coin this phrase. His book, "Anarchy, State and Utopia," argues for a radical version of Libertarianism that endorses the minimal state. Essentially a state that only exists to protect voluntarily agreed upon contracts between individuals. This is one of the most groundbreaking piece of political philosophy in the 20th century. Anyone who purports to be liberal ought to read it and contend its ideas. As a liberal person it is the closest i've ever come to becoming a libertarian.  He was the chair of the Harvard Philosophy department during his time. He was educated at Columbia, Princeton and Oxford.   Is his education and his students education a failure of the education system?

	Score: 262
		I'm going to take a crack at this and approach from a different angle than the top comments did. Also it looks like you had your view changed somewhere in this, but I don't see a sticky from /u/DeltaBot, so maybe you should consider handing out deltas, if only to help people find persuasive arguments.  Everyone seems to be making the point that a society without taxation could theoretically work, and I see a lot of rabbit trails devolving into a discussion about why taxation isn't theft.   Let me explain to you why I feel it *is* theft, though theft of a (questionably) necessary nature.  To put it simply, while I am okay with being taxed, I never explicitly agreed to it, nor do I have the option of retaining what things belong to me by right without continuing to pay my taxes. If I stop paying my taxes, someone will come and forcibly repossess my possessions without my consent (that is, steal them). My land, my personal effects, everything I supposedly own, can be forefeit if I fail to pay my taxes.   So we are at an impasse. If the government can come in and take what is mine, either that is theft, or I don't really own anything; I am only using those things I am said to own at the government's pleasure.  It shouldn't be too hard to see why people might not be happy with the latter explanation.   Then we get into the argument of "But you receive a service for your taxes." This is true, but it is somewhat of a red herring to this argument; just because you get something back doesn't justify the fact that you are being robbed to begin with.   People will also try to argue that we agree with an implicit contract by engaging in commerce and/or just by living in this country. To that I have two rebuttals.  Rebuttal one: To a Libertarian (or, one might argue, to any decent human being), implicit consent is *not a thing.* If you don't want to participate in something, you don't participate in it. If you are going to be held to doing something, you have to explicitly agreed to that. Implicit consent isn't a thing for sex. It shouldn't be a thing for money.  Rebuttal two: There is no alternative. You can't be said to have a choice in a matter if there is only one choice. There is nowhere that your average individual could go where they would be free of the burden of taxes. The argument of "if you don't like it you can leave" doesn't fly for the "taxation is theft" crowd any more than it does when someone says it to an individual who is unhappy about the results of an election. The simple fact is that no, a lot of us *can't* leave.   It would be different if there was a "no tax" option. This would be totally infeasible (thus why I agree taxation is necessary despite being theft), but the argument of consent could be made if there were an option to opt out of taxes on an individual basis. Don't need fire rescue services? Don't pay the fire tax. No ambulance if you have a heart attack? Don't pay the EMS tax. Etc., etc. Again, this is not feasible, but if it were magically possible it would at least provide an alternative, and people who are arguing that taxation isn't theft because we have a choice in the matter would have a leg to stand on.  TL;DR: Taxation is theft because it is enforced through coercion, and there are no practical alternatives to paying your taxes without having your rights violated.

	Score: 135
		But your argument does not refute it.  Even if taxation pays for nice things like a fire department, road repair and a war in Afghanistan and in your opinion is worth the cost, it can still be theft.   Some of what the government does is for the public good, like having a fire department, so taxation is perfectly acceptable it would be very difficult to frame as theft.  But they also do other things with clearly are not for the public good, we don't need or want another war in Afghanistan, we don't want a torture prison in Cuba, yet we are all stuck paying for it wether we want it or not. They are forcefully taking our money and using it for their own interests, the definition of theft. 

	Score: 126
		His argument is quite extensive, but the main thrust as I see it is this (and i'm by no means an expert, so I surely misunderstand it):  The state-of-nature as traditionally understood by Hobbes-Locke-Rousseau presents cases of bias. The anarchic state wouldn't necessarily be violent, nor would it be paradise. It would be morally neutral. What keeps it morally neutral is that everyone is forced to defend their rights individually. This is hard work, so a kind of economy on rights enforcement springs up (instead of a social contract). Essentially, private security firms would arise. These firms would eventually become monopolies (aka become the state).  On Nozick's model you still get a state, but one that is only voluntarily entered into and ones resources are not, "redistributed," you only pay for other's rights enforcement in so far as its protects your rights. The only reason I pay for a police force that you benefit from is because it prevents you from violating my rights as well. Every other public service is redistributive in some manner.  Obviously money from individuals would still contribute to this fund, but it wouldn't be taxation in the strict sense. There would be no coercion behind it.  The only reason I bring it up is that there are a lot of really smart people that think, "All taxation is theft." I agree, on the other hand, on the internet, there are a lot of dumb ones.

	Score: 110
		I should look into his work, it seems to be interesting in the least. Would you mind elaborating his points?  Regarding the thing about his education, I'm not arrogant enough to contend the quality of his education in particular, my point was mostly refering to people who use the phrase without knowing the exact working of the taxation process.

	Score: 99
		>So, one of the big points we are taught when it comes to taxation is that it is necesary for a society to function, a country can not rely solely on it's industry and exports to mantain a good level of life for its citizens.  That's the only thing any country can rely on.    > From years 2-5 we have a subject called Citizen and Ethical Formation which focuses on teaching human rights, forms of discrimination, how the constitution and our goverment works, etc.  That's good.  I assume that class taught you that some rights cannot be put aside democratically, correct?  For example, if a society votes on legalizing slavery, that doesn't make slavery morally just?  That if in a country of 3, if you and I vote to enslave guy number three, it doesn't stop being slavery?  well, theft is taking someone's money without their permission.  If if it doesn't stop being slavery if we vote to make him our slave, how does it stop being theft if we vote to take his money?    

	Score: 79
		>You could renounce you citizenship, no one is stoping you.  that won't stop them from taxing me.  >Would you prefer having a cashier in almost everything you use daily? How would that work for the 500 billion dolars the army uses?  Again, it's not a question of whether or not taxation is useful, it's a question of whether or not it's theft.  It's perfectly possible, and I would argue true, that taxation is theft AND that it's better to have it than not.  But that doesn't change the facts.

	Score: 71
		>Do you think a country that has to rely solely on exports can exist? It can not be done.  I don't know why you think exports are relevant, but ALL countries survive on the product of what they produce and little else.  Taxing doesn't magically create more money.  >If not, YOU are stealing from the people who did. See my point?  If you want to set up a usage fee for the roads and other buildings that I can opt out of, that's definitely not theft, but that's not how any government in the world operates.  I can't decide to not use the infrastructure and not pay the fee, I'm forced at gunpoint to give over a huge share of my income no matter what I do.  And that's what makes it theft, there is no ability to opt out or say no. 

	Score: 65
		!delta You do present some valid points, in order for me to debate them I would need to read my constitution and how it presents taxes. I'll get back to you once I do, your points seem to be logical.

	Score: 52
		I think you fundamentally misunderstand the argument. Let me start by saying that I'm not an anarchist, so if you're expecting me to defend the position that taxation is theft, I'm only here to explain it.  "Taxation is theft" and "taxation is necessary for a society to function" are not mutually exclusive positions in the same way war being sometimes necessary doesn't make it nonviolent. The point of the argument is to show that defending taxation requires us to treat the government as a special moral category exempt from all the normal rules of human behavior.

	Score: 50
		I don't think the constitution has much bearing on the moral argument of whether or not taxation is theft. Individuals don't explicitly accept the constitution, putting it under the same implicit consent category mentioned earlier. 

	Score: 50
		Thanks for taking the time to write that, I disagree with every atom in my organism but it's a well presented theory, I'll look this man up.  > The only reason I bring it up is that there are a lot of really smart people that think, "All taxation is theft." I agree, on the other hand, on the internet, there are a lot of dumb ones.  Agreed, there are some bad arguments from not really bright people out there, it wasn't my intention to call really smart people like the author you quote un-educated. 

	Score: 46
		The issue with your position, is that it assumes that there is only *one* working system of government. People who say taxation is theft nessecerily don't believe that a government that taxes people is the best method.  I think the bigger issue here is that you are trusting in your education axiomatically. Education is not a perfect system either, and things you know must be evaluated for their validity over time.  I don't agree that taxation is theft, but It's not a failing of an educational system that some people believe that, given that if you don't pay taxes you are threatened with detainment and violence.

	Score: 46
		Your concept of "property" doesn't even exist without government.  That's the problem here is that you (and David Friedman and friends) utterly dismiss the largest challenges of a "government-free" world.  The world has run largely "without stable governments" for millennia.    It was really quite awful for regular citizens.  It consisted largely of constant war and violence.  Peaceful periods were notably when strong governments were in place.

	Score: 45
		>So, one of the big points we are taught when it comes to taxation is that it is necesary for a society to function, a country can not rely solely on it's industry and exports to mantain a good level of life for its citizens.  That can be true and taxation can still be theft. The two aren't mutually exclusive.   >To me, this idea that taxation is theft shows how little people understand about societies and how they function, but there may be a detail I'm missing, like political leaning or personal prejudice.  I don't think that anyone says that all societies today don't rely on taxation. People are just saying that that taxation is theft. Just because society relies on it doesn't make it not theft. 

	Score: 45
		Do you think a country that has to rely solely on exports can exist? It can not be done.  As I said in another comment, if you use the infrastructure that the country has, you have to pay taxes. If not, YOU are stealing from the people who did. See my point?

	Score: 44
		> so taxation is perfectly acceptable it would be very difficult to frame as theft.  I'd encourage you to try to view this through a more consistent lens. "X is theft no matter what the money is used for."   Based on what you wrote I could argue to you that if I come to your front door and threaten to lock you in my basement if you don't give me $100 to buy school supplies for my cousin, that's not theft. However, if I demand the $100 so I can play a round of golf, that's theft.  The taking of property against your will is ALWAYS theft.

	Score: 44
		After all of these comments, especially this one, are you still not going to award a delta? You don't have to agree that taxation is theft, you just have to acknowledge it isn't a failure of the education system to have someone believe as such. 

	Score: 38
		> On Nozick's model you still get a state, but one that is only voluntarily entered into and ones resources are not, "redistributed," you only pay for other's rights enforcement in so far as its protects your rights. The only reason I pay for a police force that you benefit from is because it prevents you from violating my rights as well. Every other public service is redistributive in some manner.  Wow, I find this profoundly flawed as an argument.  Essentially, mideval fuedalism is exactly this.  You outsource your personal protection to whomever is willing to provide it for money.  The result is that there becomes several warring factions, attempting to use violence to coerce "membership" in their coalition.  As a result, the average person is subject to threat of bodily harm unless they pay the most powerful ally.  If the most powerful ally changes, for whatever reason, previous allegiance is meaningless.  In the face of invasion and/or bodily harm from another "security firm", your demand for security services essentially becomes infinite (inelastic demand), totally scuttling any reasonable measurement of supply and demand.  In the situation of inelastic demand, the free market becomes untenable.  This is likely why nation states are stable and "feudal warlords" (as wholly private, geographically based mandatory security is usually called) is not.  Now, if you want to establish some sort of arbitrary "laws" over how these security groups practice their control of security, then you need to do so by force, and the only way to do that is to maintain a larger force than any of the other security groups... essentially just re-forming the government.  In the creation of this, you either  1)  Create government as it resembles today  2)  Create mass-suffering/slavery in the form of violence-based feudalism and/or martial states  3)  Create perpetual war with coalitions of competing factions of security forces  I guess i can see how I person could come to believe this, after all, people believe in arbitrary deities and religious stories, which also sound insane when you lay out 3 or 4 stories side by side and try to reconcile them.  But still, it seems so logically incomprehensible to me that I can see how a person might assume it's a lack of education that brings you to this position.

	Score: 37
		A little off topic but I recommend reading "better angels of our nature" by Steven Pinker. If you're not familiar, Pinker is one of the most highly regarded and accomplished psychologist. Also champions anthropology and sociology. And he writes beautifully too.   The thrust of that book is to show that we live in the least violent period in human history. In presenting that argument, he also shows that non-state societies (i.e. tribal, nomadic, hunter gatherer, or hunter forager) have much higher rates of violence. In fact, there appears to be a correlation between the sophistication of the state to lower rates of violence.   I would say that the libertarian views of Nozick are completely untested.   In fact, many of the highest taxing states have best measures of citizen wellbeing (mortality rates, life expectancy, levels of education, literacy, employment rates, and crime).   Most people you come across who say tax is theft would not have read Nozick. In fact, I don't think Nozick says tax is theft, he would just prefer much less of it. I tend to agree with you that "tax is theft" originates from a place of ignorance.   TLDR: I'm affirming your position with some clarifications on other responses in this post. 



CMV: If your post is removed from a subreddit there should always be a pm with the reason for removal
=======================================

	Score: 269
		This is not always appropriate for dealing with, e.g. spammers, whom you might not necessarily want to alert that they've been caught by automod.  It's the same reason Reddit admins use shadowbans on suspected spammers.

	Score: 68
		As I said in the OP this doesn't apply to spammers but there would be a requirement for reddit itself to do shadowbans

	Score: 66
		I love the idea in theory, but there are a lot of problems in practice. Reddit moderation is accomplished by a combination of work by human mods and software.  A lot of the ways the software works can't be shared, because it would lead to an "arms race." For example, on some subs, certain keywords are banned. So if you told the user "deleted for use of <word>" then they would just mis-spell it <wurd>. So then mods ban <wurd>, and then users try <wuurd>. And on it goes. Even if you just say "deleted for presence of a banned word" and don't say which one, people can often guess it was <word>.  Whether banning certain keywords is an effective strategy or not is a really interesting question. In what I've seen, it can be quite effective if a minimal set of keywords is carefully chosen. And it does significantly lower the work load of volunteer mods. So for example one might guess that a serious sub about real space travel might consider banning things like "Star Trek" and "Battlestar Galactica" if science fiction references are not allowed. It's super tedious for the mods to delete 100 Star Trek refs all day, so the keyword function is helpful. It helps prevent mod burnout. But it won't work in practice if these details are spelled out.

	Score: 47
		So the moderator of a feminist/women's subreddit, for instance, should have to PM an obvious troll who posted some stupid troll post, giving the troll yet another opportunity to harass the subreddit moderators/users by responding to the PM, as trolls always do, with further insults directed at the moderator? Why? What's the point?   Your view seems to assume that all users posts threads in good faith. That all users have read the rules rather than posting a thread without having first read the subreddit rules. That if a user's post was a violation of the subreddit rules then it was an honest innocent mistake. None of these things are regularly true.   Usually a thread is removed because it was an obvious troll or the user didn't read the rules and the thread violates the rules. The mods don't need to PM the user with a reason - if the user simply read the rules posted on the subreddit sidebar they'd figure it out. And the mods don't need to PM trolls - that just encourages trolls to reply with insults.   And in cases when the user probably *was* posting in good faith, moderators often *do* send PMs explaining why the post was removed. Take CMV, for instance. If you post without the proper CMV formatting, you will get an instant response explaining why it was removed. This is something that CMV mods voluntarily set up.  It seems to work just fine that moderators can send PMs at their discretion on a case by case basis rather than forcing them to do so for any and all removals. 

	Score: 47
		Nobody on Reddit owes you a thing.  Posting on a subreddit is a privilege and you have no right to any reason why you are/aren't allowed to post something or why it is/isn't removed.  It would be nice if they did provide you with that info, but they have no obligation to do so.  

	Score: 37
		Why is the onus on the Mods? Why can’t you reach out and ask why your post was removed and inquire how or if it can be reposted.   Depending how active the subreddit is they could be moderating hundreds of posts a day. I wouldn’t expect them to message every single user. Most users won’t care their post was removed because it was likely something that was very low effort. However if they did care, or the post was something substantial, they’d reach out so they could get their post seen. 

	Score: 34
		There are no designated "duties" of a moderator. I am under no obligation to anyone who clicks subscribe button on the subreddit that I created, to put it bluntly, be your bitch. And honestly, that is how it feels sometimes. Moderator burnout is a real thing. I've woken up to 20 angry messages in my inbox becasue I wasn't awake at 3am to approve the post that was sent to the spam filter becasue the user filled his post with amazon affiliate links and he feels wronged that the system doesn't allow that. I get hate mail becasue I see a problem in the sub, I do something to fix it and while most people like the change, there is always a few people that hate it and let you know in all caps how much you suck. You have to grow a thick skin and sometimes that means I ignore messages if I don't know if the person is gong to respond in a way that makes my blood boil. Am I neglecting my duties as a moderator. Maybe, but I don't care. The community exists because of the work I have done to start it and grow it to the point where you thought it was cool enough to click subscribe. If you don't like the way I run it, go start your own community.   Sorry, if this comes across bluntly. I have actually spent all day on reddit dealing with assholes in communities I moderate. It kind of sucks. 

	Score: 32
		I'm saying this should be a feature added by the reddit admins not subreddit mods  EDIT: somehow reddit notifications didnt happen today so I apologize for the late response

	Score: 28
		*If* reddit itself took care of all spammers, your point would be valid. And it also relies on a universal definition of spam.  To clarify my second sentence more, let's imagine a political subreddit in favor of X. Supporters of Y constantly come in and push their viewpoint even though this is intended as a place for supporters of X to discuss amongst themselves. If one particular supporter of Y posts a lot of submissions, pisses off the community, and refuses to step off his or her pedestal, then it is reasonable for the mods to give a warning and then delete the inflammatory posts. If said supporter of Y keeps up the crusade, then perhaps it is time to ban. But there's alt accounts so the ban does nothing.   Will the system ban them? Of course not, it's free speech and they're just expressing their opinion! But any ban with PM leads to alt accounts, and deleting submissions with PMs amounts to much the same. The only effective tool left at the mods' disposal is to delete the content quietly. 

	Score: 22
		As a moderator, 99% of what I remove is either spam or from crazy people (*not an actual psychological diagnosis, just my personal opinion). Sometimes it is hard to tell the difference between the crazies and people who just don't understand the rules. If I think it is the later I do try to message them with a reason, but if I am not sure then I don't as the fallout from telling the crazies that you have removed their posts is worse than the fallout from not telling the non-crazies that you removed their post. Honestly, it is just a self-care issue for me. I spend an hour a day dealing with spammers and such and I don't want the added stress. 

	Score: 21
		Why not just a comment? That happens on CMV. The mods drop a form comment stating the rule violation and a link for appeal. That also solves the problem you're discussing without sending a private message.

	Score: 21
		Nobody but you and the admins know what subs you're subscribed to. It's possible you may have been banned for participating in t_d, but not for being subscribed.

	Score: 18
		There's no global mods on the Reddit staff.  The admin team runs the site, and has very little to no impact on most of the subreddits.  The subs are all run by unpaid volunteers, and are more or less self-organizing within that sub.  You could make a sub right now, and you'd be responsible for all parts of it.  Getting subscribers, fellow mods, deciding on rules, all of that.  It's why there's such a fuss whenever a sub gets banned, because Reddit is in general so hands off.

	Score: 17
		I must have missed the TOS last time I created a subreddit that I now had to be responsible.  There are absolutely 0 responsibilities as a moderator unless a mod self-imposes them.    The fact that all mods are unpaid volunteers should make that even more clear.  They have no responsibilities whatsoever to anyone on this site.

	Score: 16
		That seems like a good idea, but it would have unintended consequences.  Anytime we find ourselves saying "Person XYZ should be required to do extra work for free." we need to ask ourselves what the trade-off would be.   Moderators have a wide range of moderation styles, but the most productive and popular subreddits seem to require a lot of work from the moderators. The amount of work increases as the subreddits becomes more popular, and many popular subreddits (including this one) are actively trying to recruit mods because the workload is so high.   Giving the mods more work and requiring them to take more time when removing inappropriate content will result in less spam being removed for each hour spent moderating.  This would result in a lower quality experience for the users, and it would make it less likely that people would volunteer to be a mod.   

	Score: 16
		When someone is that adamant about implementing a particular plan, proposing an alternate solution that works just as well (or better) is actually a counterargument. The comment route takes some of the work off the mod and I think makes it easier for a bot--a bot can easily remove a post in CMV that has an incomplete title, has fewer than 500 characters, or the OP hasn't responded just by leaving a form comment (that was the plan with CMVModBot anyway, but I haven't seen him much lately), instead of the mods having to compose and send a PM directly. I support making mods' jobs easier. I think this does. 

	Score: 15
		That allows spammers to test the spam filters with real-time feedback and get around those filters.

	Score: 13
		> I love the idea in theory, but there are a lot of problems in practice. Reddit moderation is accomplished by a combination of work by human mods and software. A lot of the ways the software works can't be shared, because it would lead to an "arms race." For example, on some subs, certain keywords are banned. So if you told the user "deleted for use of <word>" then they would just mis-spell it <wurd>. So then mods ban <wurd>, and then users try <wuurd>. And on it goes. Even if you just say "deleted for presence of a banned word" and don't say which one, people can often guess it was <word>. >   They could just say something like your post was removed for spam. This can just be automatically done anyways by bots.  >Whether banning certain keywords is an effective strategy or not is a really interesting question. In what I've seen, it can be quite effective if a minimal set of keywords is carefully chosen. And it does significantly lower the work load of volunteer mods. So for example one might guess that a serious sub about real space travel might consider banning things like "Star Trek" and "Battlestar Galactica" if science fiction references are not allowed. It's super tedious for the mods to delete 100 Star Trek refs all day, so the keyword function is helpful. It helps prevent mod burnout. But it won't work in practice if these details are spelled out.  I think it could work but it should just be a flagging system for a moderation queue that will later give you a pm if it is there for over 24 hours. The worst subreddit for this is probably /r/askscience since they remove very high effort posts for seemingly no reason

	Score: 13
		> Now, I'm left trying to come up with my own explanation, which probably doesn't put that sub's mods in as good a light as the truth might.  Some people take Reddit way too seriously.  I can't picture myself spending even a couple minutes getting worked up about some person I've never met deleting a post of mine.

	Score: 13
		But it is a feature that would have to be used exclusively by subreddit mods.



CMV: Suicide is a basic human right
=======================================

	Score: 493
		What if you're not in your right mind? If, as a person who is not suicidal at baseline, you become floridly psychotic due to a bad drug interaction (or whatever it might be) and killing yourself suddenly becomes your number one priority, do you still have that right even though you'd hold the absolute opposite opinion as soon as that temporary condition wears off? From my understanding, basic human rights apply to every instance of human condition, but I'd think there are certainly times where temporary circumstances might strongly influence someone's decision. Because of the finality of the decision to commit suicide, allowing suicide as a basic human right in every possible circumstance might allow harm to come to someone against what their wishes would be normally.

	Score: 267
		This is definitely an issue with my argument, and for that I'd like to give you one of these ∆  The natural rebuttal to your argument seems to be permitting the suicide if the individual is not under the influence of any drugs, and able to stick to that decision to some arbitrary amount of tim**e**.

	Score: 164
		legally its only right to make it illegal as it allows the goverment to force people to seek help.  and often the reason why someone wants to kill them self is a mental or physical injury.  you see someone who wants to die doesn't always want to die, they simply want to rid them selfs of the pain, now suicide is sometimes the only solution, but most of the time there are a whole host of other solutions that one simply doesn't know isn't capable of, or can't financially afford.  in those cases postponing death is the best solution, as death comes to everyone eventually.  suicide is not something that only affects the victim, yearly train conducters are traumatized by people jumping in front of it. not to mention the children relatives or friends who find the body,    and to a lesser degree coworkers who then have to pick up the slack.   then you have the more insidious reason why its illegal, you can if you plan it well drive someone to kill them self, its not even that hard.  but with it being illegal they can be charged with driving another into death.    now the only exception i can think of are people with a terminal disease with no hope for a cure who are still legally competent and has allowed others time to say their goodbyes.  (however this is quite rare situation, ) 

	Score: 100
		Example: A forlorn teenager "Jon Doe" finds out that his girlfriend has been cheating on him. Jon Doe experiences terrible mental anguish. He loved her, still loves her, as she was his first girl friend and has known only her. Jon, only 18, is so upset by the turn of events, so heartbroken, that he feel that he should end his life.   IF suicide is a basic human right, then no one has the right to stop Jon. If it his right, then it doesn't matter that he has his whole life ahead of him, that he'll find a better girl, that he could go to college and hook up with many other girls, that she was kind of a bitch anyway. It doesn't matter that his decision was made in the heat of the moment. It doesn't matter that he has parents that care about him, that would miss him when he's gone, that he has close friends that would miss him when he's gone. If Joe Doe decides that it is time to end the pain, then it would be his right to do so.  However, perhaps it is not his right. He has the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. He has the right to pursue happiness. He does not have a right to end unpleasantness. However, Jon's friends, Jon's parent's all love and enjoy Jon's company. He is part of their happiness. So perhaps they have a right in stopping Jon. Perhaps Jon, in some ways, infringes on their pursuit of happiness by ending his own life.   Of course there are certain circumstances where suicide may (and should) be allowed. But if it is a basic human right, it must always be allowed. However, having unfortunately known some people who have committed suicide, I think it is often a permanent solution to a temporary problem. If one recognizes the possible imperfection of an individuals self awareness, then it must be concluded that the choice of suicide can not be left solely up to the individual, and therefore not a basic human right.

	Score: 92
		[deleted]

	Score: 84
		> What were the punishments? Although suicide is "illegal" in many places, I've never heard of it being enforced.  The "Suicide Room"  A cell much smaller than a normal cell with large, bright lights always on and a camera watching your every move. All bathroom usage was done with a CO watching. You received a weird, barely usable blanket and a very thin mattress.   > While I tend to agree with you that people should have the autonomy to decide when their life is over, suicide is often done when one is not in a sound mind to make such a decision. One of the strongest testaments to that is that around 9 out of 10 people who survive a suicide attempt will ultimately die by something besides another suicide attempt.  Even if someone is of a mind we wouldn't consider "sound" or "normal" as long as they understand the permanence of suicide, I feel like this should still be an option.   Pretty much anyone who attempts suicide and is hospitalized is placed under suicide watch and denied movement. In general we see suicide as an indicator of mental illness.  Even if everyone who attempts to end their consciousness is ill, how can we begin to understand their agony and their experience? I've tasted the pain of psychosis through my use of psychedelics and it pains me that there may be people institutionalized dealing with that state of mind every day and unable to do anything about it.

	Score: 84
		What if the individual had a longer lasting mental condition? What if their condition makes them want to commit suicide but if they take drugs it alleviates the condition and they no longer want to commit suicide? Which side's opinion do you respect? If the individual does not take drugs for a year, and has stuck to their decision to commit suicide, are they now allowed to do it?

	Score: 69
		It was engineered for suicide prevention, but it was used as more of a punishment. People who aren't suicidal but did something wrong might be put in there for a few hours. The guards treated it like a weapon in their arsenal, not a treatment.  The term itself is double entendre... You either go there because you tried to kill yourself, or you become suicidal while you're in there.

	Score: 66
		The crux of the argument though is that the pain the person seeks to avoid is transitive and therefor worth living through. Who are we as outsiders to say that? Is it not our own selfish motives and desire to control others that says "your pain is temporary, you must live through it"? 

	Score: 62
		> When I was in jail, it saddened me how difficult the institution made it to kill yourself and if you failed, harsh punishments followed.  What were the punishments? Although suicide is "illegal" in many places, I've never heard of it being enforced.  While I tend to agree with you that people should have the autonomy to decide when their life is over, suicide is often done when one is not in a sound mind to make such a decision. One of the strongest testaments to that is that around [9 out of 10 people who survive a suicide attempt will ultimately die by something *besides* another suicide attempt](https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/means-matter/means-matter/survival/).   That makes it reasonable to believe that a family or institution who is caring for someone who is suicidal is making a wise decision to make it more difficult to commit the act (and/or harder to do it successfully).

	Score: 45
		For John Doe is the state of being alive objectively better than the state of being dead? Is his decision of suicide completely based on escaping immediate sadness or has the sadness reminded him of the insignificance of his miniscule life in the universe. Perhaps he's reminded that whatever his life turns out to be, the act of living is just a procrastination of eternal slumber.   Or... Maybe John Doe believes he will go to a heaven and live in an eternal paradise.  If a happy man who's fulfilled in life completely ends himself, is that bad? Why is death bad? Why is living good? Why do we think any of us is more qualified than anyone else to answer these questions?

	Score: 37
		I've been dancing with depression for a few years. I'm taking a lot of steps to fix that, and I think I'll find fulfillment within the next few months.  I don't think my mental state should affect the integrity of my words.

	Score: 37
		That seems more like a problem with that institution rather than the concept of disallowing suicide.

	Score: 35
		I want to add that I'm an ICU doctor who has cared for maybe 30 suicide attempt survivors. The kind of people who wind up in the ICU from a failed suicide attempt are the types of people who absolutely intended to die rather than a cry for help or attention. Most commonly I see intentional drug overdoses.  The point I wanted to make is that all but once the post suicide attempt patient had tremendous regret for what they had done. It was not the regret that they had weakened themselves, or that they didn't succeed, it was the regret that they allowed a momentary loss of clarity get the best of them.  That loss of clarity had often been accompanied by mind altering drugs or alcohol.  Patients who had multiple serious suicide attempts in their history, often had other psychiatric illness like bipolar disease or other psychosis related illness.  The one patient I was referring to who was still suicidal and still actively trying to kill herself after waking up in the ICU, was a lady who appeared to have a totally psychotic episode and could not tell me her name, date and what she was doing in the hospital.  My apologies for anecdotal evidence.  I also believe there are plenty of rational, thoughtful, carefully planning people who kill themselves and had seemingly legitimate reasons.  My job as a doctor is not to decide the merit of such actions as there are plenty of people who are suffering from a temporary psychiatric condition who present to the ER with such an attempt on their life and I presume the police and mental health agencies need to behave similarly.

	Score: 35
		how can you judge what is impossible for you to experience? 

	Score: 33
		Even without assisted suicide, you dont have to end your life by jumping in front of a train.  There are plenty of ways to kill yourself without it being at the hand of another person.

	Score: 33
		I'm willing to bet most correctional facilities have rules against suicide and will place you in worse conditions if suicide is attempted.  I think this is more of an issue with society discouraging suicide.

	Score: 31
		So maybe you should consider that human beings have both a past, present, and future. I mean to say our beings are entirely caught up with these three aspects of Temporality. Your arguments seem to grossly over privilege the present. Might you warrant that assumption? Why is John's present suffering so much more important than possible future peace?

	Score: 31
		[deleted]

	Score: 30
		>> What were the punishments? Although suicide is "illegal" in many places, I've never heard of it being enforced.  >The "Suicide Room" A cell much smaller than a normal cell with large, bright lights always on and a camera watching your every move. All bathroom usage was done with a CO watching. You received a weird, barely usable blanket and a very thin mattress.  I don't mean to speak on behalf of your experiences, but those seem less like deliberate punishment and more like methods to prevent a repeat suicide attempt.



CMV: The rich should pay more for a traffic infraction than the poor
=======================================

	Score: 820
		Charging people punitively would seem to have the benefit of dissuading rich people from behaving irresponsibly to the general public more than static fines do, true.  However, it also takes judicial resources because in order to give a traffic ticket you'd have to essentially audit a person every time. That's not exactly feasible and cops shouldn't have the discretion to charge variable fines. It would make sense for the cop to charge more if the guy was driving a lambo but who's to say cops wouldn't charge asians more money for a in traffic ticket etc based on a stereotype that they're more well-to-do? Income level alone probably shouldn't be used because different people have different levels of debt and responsibilities (in terms of bills and providing for children). Many high income people still live paycheck to paycheck.  Because traffic tickets are the most common violation, the wealthy are a proportionally small amount of the general population (who are generally risk averse anyway), and because the inconvenience of being late to whatever high powered function they're going to is generally sufficient as a deterrent.   There's no evidence to show that rich people enjoy or shrug off $150 fines. It may impact their lives less but there's no evidence to show that rich people are worse drivers than everyone else because of that. This is essentially a solution to a problem that doesn't really exist and would create problems for the judicial system.  **EDIT: Also, forgot to mention that there's a much better way of enforcing traffic laws thats already implimented basically everywhere and that's increasing the fine for repeat offenses. This stops any problem that might exist with rich people ignoring the law that doesn't involve class warfare.** 

	Score: 353
		In countries where this progressive fine system exists, the police can get information sent to them by the tax office. No audit necessary, and the police don't determine the fine amount.  I agree that both high and low income people can live paycheck to paycheck. I don't see how this connects to my view.  Your last paragraph is about how fines can prevent crime. I agree that a progressive fine system is not targeted to reduce crime. My concern is with equitable punishment for crime, not frequency of crime.

	Score: 201
		Would a progressive tax lead to police officers only pulling over the BMW’s, Lexus’s, and other expensive cars?   Because for the same infraction, you’ll want to maximize how much money is fined. This could lead to an unfair advantage in favor of the less fortunate who have older cars because cops will deem it not worth the time to stop them because of the little monetary return they’d give.  The law says you shouldn’t speed, regardless of financial situation it is illegal to speed. A flat rate ensures that there is no bias in who gets pulled over.  Targeting the rich more because they have more money is not an acceptable reason for changing policy. In my opinion, it’s discrimination no different than any other example.

	Score: 147
		That’s more than the annual ticket budget of some police departments.  If you are the police chief, it would make sense to assign cop cars to follow the richest inhabitants of your town 24/7, as one little screw up on their part could make sure you are funded for the year.

	Score: 124
		I figured the police didn't determine the fine amount, I was just trying to extrapolate how this system would even function.   And I still think you need to address my point on how the punitive damages are warranted. Do you think richer people just flagrantly avoid following traffic laws because they know they can just pay the fines? Do you have empirical evidence to show that this is even an issue?  Because if it doesn't have a greater or lesser deterrent effect then any social utility this policy would have would be strictly for  fundraising and that's better served by an income tax.  **At any rate, I'm really strictly against anything that would give police any incentive to disparately enforce the law.** Police departments in the United States already incorporate things like civil forfeiture into their budgets (which is deplorable). The intent of this law might be noble but the effect of it could be that police are incentivized to enforce traffic violations more stringently in higher income areas. This has a discriminatory effect against higher income people but it also benefits their communities immensely by increasing safety on the roads, having a general deterrent effect on crime, and decreasing response time for 911 calls.  This is especially heinous in light of the fact that richer people just don't (as often) commit the more egregious traffic offenses associated with drinking and driving, drug use, street racing, etc that are the most dangerous activities. Anything that could detract from the enforcement of these offenses should fall under intense scrutiny.

	Score: 58
		You were the first person to reply with the idea that police will target rich people more than poor people under this policy. I haven't replied until now, because I think it's the most challenging point against my view.  Others have commented about other methods that would help get around this incentive for municipalities to encourage more ticketing of rich people (additional money is donated to charity, or is otherwise diffused through a larger government entity so as to give a less solid connection between higher fines and more money for a police department). However, these were not part of my original view.  One would also hope that the police would enforce the law equally, but history has shown that we cannot expect this. Policies still need to be put in place to prevent such things.  You've successfully stated a reason why this policy should have *more* in order to be a properly good policy. I still believe that a progressive fines system on its own would be more just, even with the detraction you've stated. But there's more to consider here, especially in the United State's policing climate.  ∆ 

	Score: 58
		This is what I am proposing, yes.

	Score: 55
		In some countries, a traffic fine is worth half a day's income. This way it scales smoothly across all incomes.  You ask where the end is. I am talking about this specific policy, not all policies that seem to be ideologically attached to it. I am not concerned with psychological punishment, but material punishment.

	Score: 45
		> Surely the fine money doesn't go directly to the police?  In the US, the ticket money gets broken up into several buckets, and shared among various groups (state, local, etc).  The police, and the local town/city get a good chunk.  We have had issues with speed traps before, where sleepy towns along a major route make all or most of their operating budget by fining those passing through.   Here's an example from Florida  https://www.cbsnews.com/news/florida-town-infamous-for-speed-traps-disbanding-police-force/

	Score: 44
		i agree with your reasoning that punishment should be equal.  but there are 2 big problems. one practical:  how much would you charge a billionaire for him to feel the fine's sting as much as someone who makes minimum wage? 500$? 5000$ 150.000$?  secondly, where is the end? if a person isn't bothered by jail time as much as the other guy, does that mean that person should spend more time in jail to make the punishment equivalent? there is also the psychological aspect. someone rich but who hates losing may suffer more from a 100$ fine than someone who is poor but carefree. in the end it's almost impossible to determine the effect of punishment for individuals.   but if there was a way, i'd surely be by your side.  

	Score: 44
		Surely the fine money doesn't go directly to the police? That's a terrible idea that would incentivise issuing fines over upholding the law in a reasonable manner.   [This system is already in place in a number of countries.](https://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2015/03/finland-home-of-the-103000-speeding-ticket/387484/)  

	Score: 41
		Between systems, I would expect the frequency of infractions to remain largely the same. I don't think that the social utility of a progressive fine system lies in reduced infractions. My concern is that a static fine places a larger punishment on a poor person than on a rich person, which is unjust.  Your claim about disparate enforcement is, I think, your most powerful one. Let me try to tease it out, and we can discuss.  I agree that a progressive fine system would increase the amount of traffic policing against rich people - but how much? Unlike a 'broken windows' policy, the police aren't as able to enforce traffic laws against the rich at a higher rate. Vehicles of all kinds and from different owners are found in all parts of a city.  It is already the case that higher income neighborhoods have better funded government institutions than lower income neighborhoods. More money from rich people in the government only allows for a chance at redistribution, where before there was none.  I agree that a policy that gives an incentive for law enforcement officers to police some people more than others should be scrutinized. But I believe that the benefits of a more equitable fine system would be outweighed by the modicum of additional policing against rich offenders.

	Score: 38
		I am not claiming that this is the greatest possible good to be done in the realm of regressive systems; I am claiming that such a system should be implemented. The greater evil of one thing does not diminish the evil of another, but our motivation to change either should be different.

	Score: 35
		And that is one of the huge problems with US law enforcement - policing for a profit. I still can't believe [civil forfeiture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civil_forfeiture_in_the_United_States) is a thing.

	Score: 30
		If it's punitive, punishments should be as small as possible while adequately deterring behavior.  So increasing the punishment for a particular group (in this case the rich) should only occur if there's an ongoing problem with rich people being the ones who speed.  This doesn't seem to be true, so increasing their punishment isn't warranted.  In specific neighborhoods where that's true (say Bieber's) then it makes sense, but it isn't usually a problem we need to address.

	Score: 27
		The core motivation behind progressive traffic fines is similar to the argument against sales taxes—they're regressive. The same amount of money hurts poor people more than the rich. But going after traffic fines in this way is chipping at one of the smallest forms of inequality we have, at least in the U.S. You don't get to arguing about this point unless you've effectively given up on the idea we can accomplish anything more noteworthy.  So, short version, rather than argue why this is a bad idea, I would say that even if it was feasible, this is at best a distraction from more comprehensive methods of reducing wealth and income inequality.

	Score: 27
		In some places, Finland for example the progressive fines don't start until you are excessively speeding. Up to 19km/h over and everyone gets the same fine. 21km/h over and then you start with the wage related fine. So speeders are still stopped when speeding.   Also, off topic, but the number of people in this thread who think cops are all corrupt, incompetent or prejudiced, makes me think there are other issues that need to be ironed out.

	Score: 27
		Let's say a billionaire makes 1 million dollars per day, which is reasonable. Are you proposing to charge 500.000$ for a traffic fine? I don't see how this is more just than the current version? 

	Score: 25
		Gotta think about this theoretically as well. If they do implement progressive taxes on traffic violations, how many of these tickets that the rich people would have paid and just moved on are now going to be heard in the court system? The court system is already overloaded, now we are just waiting everyones time. We could probably assume that the rich people have a lawyer handy and they will fight the tickets in court, especially if a ticket is now $3,000 instead of $150. Is this worth it in the end? Now there is additional time for the judge, officer, driver and lawyers that make it seem unnecessary. If these lawyers even win 50% of the cases, that is a huge chunk of increased costs all around. Nobody wins (except lawyers).  The real concern is that we fund police forces with ticket revenue. Take out that incentive and maybe they would focus more on real issues and crimes instead of catching a guy going 10 over on the highway.

	Score: 22
		They rarely get to keep the money directly. The money gets dumped into the general fund, and that general fund is used to pay the police.  Of course, if the police bring in tons of revenue, it’s easier for them to get more funding.



CMV: I think, to be eligible for an organ transplant, you need to at least be on the organ donor list.
=======================================

	Score: 868
		So if there happens to be a donor available that is a match for you alone, it means you'll die just because you're not on the list.  If there are 2 people, one on the list, the other one not, then I would say that being on the list gives you priority. But wasting a good organ seems just spiteful.  Opt-out has just been introduced in my country, and I think that's a good system as well.

	Score: 355
		∆ I'll give you that one...   >So if there happens to be a donor available that is a match for you alone, it means you'll die just because you're not on the list.  I think priority is a good idea now that I think about it. What country are you from?  

	Score: 245
		Two points:   **First**, it is often unclear who is or is not an organ donor. Some people would be happy to donate and have told their loved ones as much, but still check no on their DL's. The reason is that they have an irrational fear that EMTs will try fewer heroic measures because they want the organs. That's irrational, but that's the way some people think.   Many people are in fact organ donors but in their grief, their relatives will still refuse donation.   Some people will select 'no' because they know an illness would prevent them from donating and they want to makes sure medical professionals know this in advance. Some have a religious reason for refusing organ donation.   Lastly, if you have no id, aren't carrying id, or come in as a John Doe, have no way to communicate, etc...they have no way of knowing whether you'd consent to donation and thus it can't be determined.   I know that in many/most of those situations, they won't need an organ. If you're coming in for a GSW, chances are you won't need a heart, you'll need surgery. But still, on the off chance that during surgery its found you desperately need a new kidney and your donation status is questionable, well, that is a problem.   **But my second point is actually more relevant**: the Hippocratic  Oath is incredibly clear on the morality of helping a patient. You don't get to make moral judgement about the person who walks in the door. You treat Gandhi with the same care you treat John Wayne Gacey. Your job is to treat the patient in front of you. Doctors aren't allowed to put moral imperatives on treatment.   With organ donation, they are allowed to put health criteria on donations. You might not give the new liver to a chronic alcoholic--not because of the morality of drinking--but because the co-morbidity of alcoholism would limit the effectiveness of the transplant. You might need a new kidney, but your stage 4 breast cancer means that you won't survive the procedure and even if you did, it wouldn't make a measurable impact on your lifespan.   What you *can't* do is stand in judgement to say that a five year old is more deserving than a KKK member. That stands against all medical ethics. **Which is different than human ethics**. I think if we took a poll, a show of hands would always vote for the five-year-old. But medical ethics demand a different standard. You'd be undermining a medical ethos that has controlled the world of medicine since time immemorial. 

	Score: 125
		I'm from the Netherlands. A bill has been passed last month that introduced the opt out system for organ donation. The priority thing is not the law, and while I think it could be a good system, I also haven't thought too much about it so there might be obvious downsides. Intuitively it makes somewhat sense.  I'd say such priority system requires an opt out system, because otherwise you'd never know if someone forgot, didn't think about it, or had a personal objection. Not all those cases are the same, though , f course, not ideal.

	Score: 45
		Yes, I understand that. But medical ethics negates it.   Look, I get that what's underlying your argument here is that you want medical ethics to be different than they are, but that's not how it works. You can sign to protect your medical rights, but not to sign them away. Even in the instance of a DNR, you're protecting your right to not have life-saving procedures. Even if you're signing over medical proxy, you're protecting your rights to have the person of your choosing make medical decisions for you. Even if you're signing a hard opt out for donating your organs, you're protecting your right to not have your organs harvested.   There can't be a penalty clause there. They can't hold your rights to medical treatment hostage because you refuse to donate. That's medically unethical. Medical rights are a completely separate class of rights and responsibilities that operate under their own fundamental law.   I am not trying to make a slippery slope argument (though I acknowledge that's what I'm doing) but it would lead to tremendous changes in precedent. You can get an abortion, but only if you agree to a tubal ligation. After smoking for 10+ years, you negate your right to respiratory treatment or a lung transplant, donor or not. Doctors don't have the right bargain with your right to live.   Now you make an excellent case that hospitals refusing to treat the uninsured is a HUGE violation of that, which is why the healthcare debate is so hot. But my hopes would be that you embrace the fact that we shouldn't make patients lose out of life-saving procedures due to other choices they make, not that life should be bought and paid for in either money or pressure.   **And think of the lawsuits**! My god, medical malpractice would go through the roof even more than it has. If I were married to man who, at 18, signed an opt out and at the birth of our first child decided to opt in because he had a fundamental reawakening to the beauty of human life. Six months later, he finds out he needs a new heart. Because he already had the pre-existing condition (even though he had no idea), the hospital either won't give him one or prioritizes him under opted in patients and he dies. I'd sue for millions. And I'd win.   It's never happen. It would undo medical ethics as we understand them. It feels just but it opens a can of injustice so huge, so unwieldy, and so wildly incompatible with the current system of thinking that it'd never happen. And that's a GOOD thing.   First, do no harm. Doctors have to keep the person in front of them alive so long as they haven't waived their rights to it. Whatever choices of beliefs they have that you might not agree with or are fundamentally incomparable with saving that life are irrelevant. You treat the patient first. 

	Score: 41
		A close relative of mine had hepatitis A as a teenager. He was ineligible to be an organ donor because he would test positive for it the rest of his life even though the virus was no longer active and the infection was decades old.  He would have loved to be a donor and could have been because he died in the hospital. But could not.  I don’t think it would be very fair to have denied him an organ transplant based on him not being able to be a donor himself.  TBH if I needed an organ transplant, I wouldn’t care if it came with Hep A antibodies, but that’s another issue. 

	Score: 39
		> Doesn't stop US Hospitals from refusing treatment because someone can't pay.  Source for people being refused treatment because they can't pay? People do end up in bankruptcy for being unable to pay their medical bills which is really shitty, but it's illegal for any hospital to refuse emergency treatment due to your financial situation under the EMTLA, and public hospitals can't refuse patients from their emergency room at all.

	Score: 39
		Gay men can only donate organs if abstinent for a long period of time. Should gay men be forced to pick celibacy over life because they can choose not to have sex?

	Score: 39
		Yes of course. I hope the UK does the same soon - most people genuinely arn't bothered to do it and that why it doesn't happen.

	Score: 29
		Just out of curiosity, how do you opt-in in the UK? In the US, it’s part of the driver’s license application (I’m sure there are other ways too). Plus family members can always opt to donate once you’re brain dead. Important fact (in the US at least): your family can also opt you out of donation even if you personally opted in. Pretty messed up in my opinion.   edit: grammar 

	Score: 28
		There is an easier way to get participation rates up. An opt-out program instead of opt-in. People who are opposed have to fill out a form and send it in, otherwise it's assumed you are willing to donate.   Edit: dammit the guy above me just said the exact same thing. Never mind...

	Score: 27
		>If it were up to me I'd make sure anyone opting out is aware they are not going to be eligible (or prioritized).   But you don't opt out. You opt in. The current system is that you don't say I *won't* donate, but rather that you opt into say you are a donor. There's no box to tick that says "under no circumstance will I donate". There's simply a box that says, "Yes, I am a donor". So there's no informed consent. You can't just "tell people" they aren't eligible because they never said they aren't eligible. They just didn't tick the box. They didn't say they wouldn't....they just didn't affirm that they would.   Not affirming that you are something isn't the same thing as declaring you're not.   And if you were to suggest that to be eligible I'd have to make a hard-line decision and sign a piece of paper one way or the other when I walk in the door, well...everyone would say "yes". But that's still not binding. So long as my husband runs in and says he won't consent to the donation (because we both secretly know we're against organ donation) then...whoops! Guess I lied! Once I'm dead you can't overrule my husband's wishes, so it's all null and void.   

	Score: 21
		First off, no one is refused life saving treatment by inability to pay.  Second, you are assuming that everyone would be eligible for donation. Often people who need donations require them because of underlying disease that makes them ineligible to donate anyway. Also, you casually glossed over the problem with children who wouldn't be eligible to choose organ donation anyway. Good luck convincing parents that if their kid dies, you get to take their organs just so they can be considered for a transplant.  Opt out is a great idea, and I'm a supporter. But treating people medically based on whether or not they will do X for other people is an inherently flawed and unethical plan. 

	Score: 20
		This isn’t a game, this is change my view.  You put your view out there to be challenged.  The above poster is challenging your view.

	Score: 20
		> his mother didn’t inherit any medical bills. That was 17 years ago.  At least in the US, your debt is not passed on when you die. Your assets can be seized before being passed on to your next of kin, or however you will them, but they can't legally demand payment from anyone not directly associated with the debt.  They *can* legally *ask* others to pay your debt. Those people absolutely can refuse to pay. There are a lot of very shady debt collection agencies that break the law and lie about what people have to pay, and threaten people to make payments, etc.   Bottom line, if a loved one or family member dies and someone tells you that you owe for their debt, they are probably lying and you should talk to a lawyer before you pay a single cent.

	Score: 19
		Doesn't stop US Hospitals from refusing treatment because someone can't pay. If it were up to me I'd make sure anyone opting out is aware they are not going to be eligible (or prioritized). They will have to want not to donate so badly that they will go out of their way to make sure people know, like Jehovah's Witness's refusing blood transfusions. If they are found in need and it questionable then it's assumed that they are eligible - if it turns out they are not, oh well. It's not about 5 year old Vs KKK member it's about if you're are on the list or not (and the whole who will it benefit most idea). The assumption is that so few would be off the list that it would really make much of a difference. It's not about a cancer sufferer vs some kid who got hit by a bus but more about two men same age roughly same illness and prognosis but one is on the list and another made the conscious decision to be off it knowing full well he wouldn't be prioritized if he fell ill. 

	Score: 19
		[deleted]

	Score: 16
		I was watching an interesting documentary, the US' interpretation of the Hippocratic oath is that it only applies when you 'choose' someone to be your patient. So you can refuse to let someone be your patient, but once that person is your patient the hyppocratic oath applies.  Doctors aren't judge, Jury's and executioners. We (gonna say we because it makes me feel good even though I'm just a med student) can't sentence someone to death on their beliefs. Sure it starts off with something that seems 'obvious' with no organs for non-doners. But in doing so you've given doctor's the power to let someone die.   But more than that, you've drawn a line in the sand, you've said you can judge them on their organ donation status, but you can't judge them for anything else. But the problem with lines in the sand is they can be redrawn more easily. What if we decide in a couple years doctor's can refuse murderers and rapists. Okay slightly more controversial. But what if after that doctors can refuse patients because they're racist. Or because they litter, or because they stole a wallet when they were 17 year olds. Or political rivals.  This is why the hypocratic oath exists. You absolutely can't let doctor's become judge jury and executioners, and the only way to avoid that is to make it absolute.

	Score: 14
		How do you know the difference though? If you know you will be denied(he was a health professional) and never try to get on the list, how can you differentiate between people who just don’t want to and people who don’t simply because they know they aren’t eligible? The only way would be to make testing compulsory and that would violate the 4th amendment. 

	Score: 12
		No it's not though, if you for religious reasons were not allowed to work (ridiculous ik) you'd be a moron to turn around and say it's discrimination that you don't get free money.



CMV:Suicide is an acceptable right of any adult even if they aren't physically in pain or dying.
=======================================

	Score: 1239
		The biggest argument _against_ the legalization of suicide is the fact that (putting aside those with terminal illnesses) it is an impulsive act and people that survive regret doing it and generally don't try again.  From [this article](http://www.businessinsider.com/many-suicides-are-based-on-an-impulsive-decision-2014-8):  - 24% of those who made near-lethal suicide attempts decided to kill themselves less than five minutes before the attempt, and 70% made the decision within an hour of the attempt  - 90% of people who survive suicide attempts, including the most lethal types like shooting one's self in the head, don't end up killing themselves later  - A 1978 study of 515 people who were prevented from attempting suicide on the Golden Gate Bridge between 1937 and 1971 found after more than 26 years 94% were still alive or had died of natural causes  Suicide for "healthy" people is the byproduct of another serious illness - depression.  Depression needs to be treated, not allowed to run its course in someone who suffers from it.  As another Redditor in a similar thread said (and I wish I could attribute this) - letting someone suicidal decide to kill themselves is like letting cancer decide if a patient should live or die.

	Score: 392
		But isn't that an argument for defining late stage, recurrent, and untreatable depression a terminal illness? Not for saying that most cases of depression (that are potentially treatable) should not be treated and allowed to run it's course - to the patient's death?  It we consider depression a disease, and one of it's symptoms is suicide, and we can treat the disease so the symptom doesn't occur - isn't it our responsibility to do so? 

	Score: 194
		But if a person has struggled with depression and done all the work and all the medication available to treat their illness. At what point is it not right for them to decide to cut their losses and do what they want? 

	Score: 149
		This discussion always boils down to one thing and that's a person's right to govern their own bodily autonomy. I believe that you are owed this right regardless of circumstance unless you are under duress that impairs your ability to obtain and maintain consent for something. For instance, someone under the extreme mental weight of ever worsening mental illness is unable, in many cases, to give informed consent regarding sexual encounters because their decision-making facilities are impaired by their serotonin and dopamine levels. Someone under the extreme mental weight of ever worsening mental illness will often be denied the right to obtain body modifications because they cannot give informed consent regarding the lasting effects of that modification (as long as the artist is worth their weight). I can go on and on, but there are myriad instances in which someone loses the right to govern their own bodily autonomy as a result of their inability to make informed decisions about their own health because of their mental illness.  Healthy people do not kill themselves. They just don't. Healthy people **do not** **kill** **themselves.** Mental illness can be terminal, and for a lot of people, it is. I think that someone should have the right to consult with a physician regarding assisted suicide if there is reasonable doubt that they will ever be able to improve their quality of life, but I do not think that there is a valid argument for suicide being an "acceptable" option for someone living with mental illness outside of a medically controlled setting because they do not have the ability to give informed consent regarding their own bodily autonomy when their decision making facilities are impaired by their own mental illness.

	Score: 149
		Thank you for the reply. You've presented an interesting OP.   >...but then does that mean that someone else gets to decide at what point a person has had enough...  That's an interesting question. However, I want to point out that you're now discussing when we would define it as terminal.  The point here is that many (almost certainly most) cases of depression would not be defined as terminal either by the doctors or the patient's family.  It many patients with depression are accepted as not terminal, and a symptom is of their depression is suicide - then we have a moral obligation to treat them and prevent the symptom.  The question of when to define it as terminal is interesting, but irrelevant to the point that most cases would not be terminal.   >...can doctors force an adult with...  Of course not.  Adults with medical decision making capacity (medical DMC) can decide for themselves what treatments they want. The issue is, people in the midst of a depressive episode are not considered to have medical DMC (about taking their own life). It's considered by doctors (I'm a doctor by the way) to be a medical emergency.  Again, if we consider depression a disease and suicide a symptom of that disease - then the patient does not have the ability to stop the symptoms. Let's try an analogy - you have diabetes, a symptom of diabetes is high blood sugar. Can you have diabetes and just decide not to have high blood sugar? Of course not, so if you have depression you cannot just decide to not be suicidal.  we can stop the symptom (suicide) and treat the disease (depression) and save someones life so they go on to live happily and healthily.   >...Or furthermore, when a person has stage 3 cancer  End stage cancer is a terminal illness.   They are not saying "I'm otherwise healthy with a long life expectancy but my disease prevents me from making decisions - and I'm going to kill myself". For the cancer patient it is the job of the medical community to assist that person in enhancing the quality of the life they have left and ensure their death is pain free and occurs with dignity. We don't "force" therapy on anyone who would not benefit from it or doesn't want it.   Could you be making a bit of a false equivalence with depression here?  

	Score: 147
		Okay you have a point, but then does that mean that someone else gets to decide at what point a person has had enough of trying to deal with the illness or that the individual can decide when they've tried enough treatment.   If one consider it as the same as cancer, can doctors force an adult with treatable breast cancer to seek treatment rather than allow them to choose to let the disease run its course? Or furthermore, when a person has stage 3 cancer, can the doctor force them to continue to seek treatment under the hopes that it just might work, even if they would rather not?   If the answers to those questions are no, then shouldn't the suicidal person then be allowed to choose to check out when they want? 

	Score: 128
		I understand your hesitation. Like me, you seem to be a bit libertarian minded. If you haven't experienced it yourself or haven't seen someone who is truly suicidal - it's difficult to appreciate that a person doesn't have the ability to make a decision regarding treatment. But that's what is happening.  Since the diabetes analogy I mentioned previously didn't do it for you - allow me another that I think demonstrates what is really going on.  Let's say a person comes to the Emergency Room with respiratory failure due to sepsis from pneumonia. They are unconscious from their illness and unable to speak. Without treatment - they will die within 24 hours. This person does not have medical decision making capacity; it is my moral and professional obligation to treat the patient.  Now, there is another patient with severe depression to the point of wanting to commit suicide. It is the disease (depression) that imposes this pathological compulsion on them. And so, they do not have medical decision making capacity. If we don't treat this person - they will be dead within 24 hours. If we do treat them, their symptom (suicidal ideation) will go away and they will live a long and healthy life.  I understand that it's difficult to empathize with the idea that a disease can take away your ability to think clearly and make decisions; particularly if you've never experienced it or seen it. But it happens, a lot.  Therefore, we should treat depression to stop suicide and save our patient's life. They almost universally thank us for it.  EDIT - typos and clarification

	Score: 76
		Damnit, you are right. It would then be a terminal illness.   Meaning that it would only have to be after lengthy discussion with ones physician and I suppose family and friends that a person should make that decision.   I'm guessing probably like the whole you can't get gender reassignment surgery until you've been psychologically cleared and what not. 

	Score: 74
		If you accept that depression can, at least in theory, be terminal (which is quite a stretch) then it makes sense that sometimes (almost all the time actually) it isn't.   So let's try to summarize - Depression, while theoretically terminal, is typically treatable. A symptom of depression is suicidal ideation, which is not under the control of the patient. Therefore, we should treat the disease (depression) to prevent the symptom (suicide).  Any thoughts?

	Score: 64
		That article is all over the place.  > Anywhere from one-third to 80% of all suicide attempts are impulsive acts  That's a serious wide range which leads me to believe their statistical methods were totally unreliable.

	Score: 55
		I am still not 100% about forcing someone into treatment.   And there in lies my problem.  I can accept a few points that they may not be rational, but not so much that they have to be forced to live one way or another. 

	Score: 45
		> Healthy people do not kill themselves. They just don't. Healthy people do not kill themselves.   First of all, I agree with you that many people have their judgement temporarily clouded by mental illness, causing them to consider suicide.  But when you define it like that, it sort of becomes like a catch-22. You have body autonomy and the right to kill yourself, but the minute you decide to use that right, you lose it.  I hold the view that life has intrinsic value and is very much worth living. But it would strike me as wrong to *define* any hypothetical individual (even if they're stable and thought about it for years) who disagrees with me as mentally ill.

	Score: 45
		You can be forcibly hospitalized after attempts until someone else deems you no longer a threat to yourself. 

	Score: 36
		I want to award you a Delta but I literally cannot figure out how to do so on this fucking Reddit app.

	Score: 33
		Like being locked in a psych ward/ padded room and straight jacket type shit? Hell if anything I think that might make the problem worse 

	Score: 29
		In my profession, I've dealt with many deaths over the years, to include suicides.  Many have involved the elderly who, by accounts, have no discernible, debilitating medical problems.  They just decided they were done living.  Many nursing home deaths have completely blindsided families and friends of the deceased.  Also, there are many elderly whose spouse has passed away, and the deceased simply decided they didn't want to live without them.  No obvious physical or mental issues.  They just decided that they were done.  They had many things to live for - children, grandchildren, playing cards or bingo, making dinners with friends. In all appeal ranges, they were often socially engaged, despite age.  Medicine and therapy wouldn't fix broken hearts or will to live.  

	Score: 29
		You make the assumption that someone depressed isn't a rational person. That's a bit judgmental.  You could practically extend this argument for any disease and get rid of most civil liberties.   "She only wants an abortion because she is depressed, her depression doesn't let her see rationally"  "She's bipolar, so her decision to divorce her husband is irrational and she shouldn't be allowed to do it"  "This person was depressed before, maybe we shouldn't promote them even if they are our best worker, never know when they will make an irrational decision"  "He has anger issues, so there is no way he was defending himself, he obviously must have just been irrationally angry" (even if the guy was getting attacked)  Seriously your argument is so dangerous I'm surprised you can't see it.  Also depression is hardly treatable. Most of the medications don't work very well. Saying "Oh we should just let her suffer forever while we try to treat her" is like saying "Ya this person has cancer, but we can treat it so we should let her live for a few months on expensive medication, in complete pain, even if she keeps saying she wants to die".  It also leads to the reverse logic where any time someone is suicidal people are going to say it's "irrational and because of depression". You could have totally rational reasons to commit suicide. Your argument is like saying there is no rational reason to do it.

	Score: 28
		[deleted]

	Score: 27
		That seems a little reductive don't you think? And vastly different than what is presented.   While I might not want my spouse to kill themselves, and while I may say something to the effect of don't do this thing. I should not have legal authority to stop such a thing. 

	Score: 25
		I actually could. I just think that adults should be legally allowed to do what they want with their own body. Up to and including suicide.   And while you can't stop family and friends from interfering with ones life. Suicide unlike abortion can be forcibly prevented by friends and family via governmental force. 



CMV: Aziz Ansari may be a scumbag, but he certainly didn't assault the woman accusing him.
=======================================

	Score: 853
		I think in cases like this it's important to look at the facts instead of using gut feelings to say what is and isn't sexual assault.  In the state of New York (where the alleged events took place), sexual assault is defined as [subjecting another person to sexual contact without the person's consent](http://statelaws.findlaw.com/new-york-law/new-york-sexual-assault-laws.html). So, our question becomes, did the alleged victim give consent? This is the ONLY factor in considering whether or not sexual assault took place.  So, before we can determine if the alleged victim consented, we need to understand what consent is.[These](https://www.plannedparenthood.org/learn/sex-and-relationships/sexual-consent) are two [articles](https://www.rainn.org/articles/what-is-consent) that I think do a good job of explaining what consent is. The pertinent ones to this issue are:  -Consent must be freely given, it isn't considered consent if a person felt pressured or manipulated into sexual contact.  -Consent must be enthusiastic, as in it should be something the person feels like they WANT to do, not what they HAVE to do.  -Consent is opt in, not opt out. Just because someone doesn't say "no" or is silent, doesn't mean one has consented.  -Consent does NOT have to be verbal. Physical cues can also be used to consent or not consent.  So with all that in mind lets break it down.  **Before Contact**  Aziz and "Grace" meet at the Emmys and plan to go on a date in NY after they both get back. Aziz is allegedly rushing through the date to get her back to his apartment. It's important to note that where you are or go has nothing to do with consent. So just because she went home with him doesn't mean she consented.  **First Contact**  >"He said something along the lines of, ‘How about you hop up and take a seat?’” Within moments, he was kissing her. “In a second, his hand was on my breast.” Then he was undressing her, then he undressed himself. *She remembers feeling uncomfortable at how quickly things escalated*."   So two things here:  1. Aziz doesn't seem to ask for any consent before making sexual contact here. While Grace may have used physical cues to consent to kissing, he escalates rather quickly.  2. As italicized, Grace feels uncomfortable with the speed things are going. This makes it clear that Grace isn't consenting to what's going on in that moment. Which she verbalizes in...  **First verbal refusal/Second Contact**  >"When Ansari told her he was going to grab a condom within minutes of their first kiss, Grace voiced her hesitation explicitly. 'I said something like, ‘*Whoa, let’s relax for a sec, let’s chill*.’"  This is a clear attempt to deescalate things by Grace and clear sign that she's uncomfortable with the way things are going. Aziz responds by "[...] kissing her, briefly performed oral sex on her, and asked her to do the same thing to him. She did, but not for long".  **Second Refusal**  So this is where things get dicey. She just asked Aziz to slow down and Aziz responds to Grace's statement by briefly slowing things down and then attempting to give her oral sex. Grace has made it clear that she was uncomfortable doing something like that and Aziz is doing it anyway.   This could be a situation where Grace feels intimidated (maybe not physically but by Aziz's celebrity status or other factors) or where she feels manipulated (She just told him to slow things down and he's clearly brushed past it, she may feel she just has to go with it). While it can be argued that if one allows someone to get physically close enough to their genitals to give them oral sex then that can be a physical cue, consent must be enthusiastic and freely given, so this is not consent. I know this may sound counter-intuitive but it's important to understand that *just because she put his penis in her mouth without him physically forcing her to doesn't mean that she is giving consent.*  **Third Contact/Refusal**  >Ansari also physically pulled her hand towards his penis multiple times throughout the night, from the time he first kissed her on the countertop onward. “He probably moved my hand to his dick five to seven times,” she said. *“He really kept doing it after I moved it away.”*  In this case, Grace is physically showing she doesn't want to touch Aziz's penis by physically moving her hand away from it, despite that Aziz continues to move it back. It's clear Grace did not consent at this point.  **Physical Cues**  >"Throughout the course of her short time in the apartment, she says she used verbal and non-verbal cues to indicate how uncomfortable and distressed she was. “Most of my discomfort was expressed in me pulling away and mumbling. I know that my hand stopped moving at some points,” she said. “I stopped moving my lips and turned cold. Whether Ansari didn’t notice Grace’s reticence or knowingly ignored it is impossible for her to say. 'I know I was physically giving off cues that I wasn’t interested. I don’t think that was noticed at all, or if it was, it was ignored.'"  As we've said before, positive physical cues can be an indicator of consent. By the same token, negative physical cues or a lack of physical cues can be taken as someone not consenting. These are all ignored by Aziz. It's possible that maybe he isn't picking up on them, but this doesn't seem it was like one or two actions, but everything Grace did leading to this moment.  **Second Verbal Refusal**  >“I wasn’t really even thinking of [sex], I didn’t want to be engaged in that with him. But he kept asking, so I said, ‘Next time.’ And he goes, ‘Oh, you mean second date?’ and I go, ‘Oh, yeah, sure,’ and he goes, *‘Well, if I poured you another glass of wine now, would it count as our second date*?’”  Here, Grace has set another firm boundary verbally: she does not want to have sex tonight, Aziz once again brushes past this statement and tries to use a line on Grace. Aziz doesn't break consent here because nothing physical happens, but it's a demonstration of a concerning trend at this point of not considering Grace's consent important.  **Third Verbal Refusal**  >"He asked her if she was okay. “I said I don’t want to feel forced because then I’ll hate you, and I’d rather not hate you,” she said. She told babe that at first, she was happy with how he reacted. “He said, ‘Oh, of course, it’s only fun if we’re both having fun.’ The response was technically very sweet and acknowledging the fact that I was very uncomfortable. Verbally, in that moment, he acknowledged that I needed to take it slow. Then he said, ‘Let’s just chill over here on the couch.’”  Once again, Grace sets another firm boundary: she feels like she's being forced into something that she doesn't want to do and is trying to deescalate. Aziz finally picks up on this clear verbal statement and agrees to just relax on the couch. All well and good until...  **Fourth Contact**  >“He sat back and pointed to his penis and motioned for me to go down on him. And I did. *I think I just felt really pressured. It was literally the most unexpected thing I thought would happen at that moment because I told him I was uncomfortable*.”  Once again, Grace has drawn a firm boundary and Aziz has crossed it. She *just* told Aziz she is uncomfortable doing anything else and feels as though she's being forced to do something she doesn't want to do and Aziz has rejected that by asking her to give him oral sex. As we mentioned earlier, consent must be enthusiastic and freely given, so this is not consent. As was established before: just because she put his penis in her mouth without him physically forcing her to doesn't mean that she is giving consent.  **Fourth Refusal**  After this, Aziz once again tries to have sex with Grace (despite the fact that she has verbalized multiple times by this point that she does not want to), in that moment Grace says:  >“I just remember looking in the mirror and seeing him behind me. He was very much caught up in the moment and I obviously very much wasn’t,” Grace said. “After he bent me over is when I stood up and said no, I don’t think I’m ready to do this, I really don’t think I’m going to do this. And he said, ‘How about we just chill, but this time with our clothes on?’”  Once again, Grace uses physical cues to try and get Aziz to stop before finally saying no. Aziz once again stops at this verbalized "no" and wants to once again hang out on the couch. All well and good until...  **Final Contact/Refusal**  >"While the TV played in the background, he kissed her again, stuck his fingers down her throat again, and moved to undo her pants. She turned away. She remembers “feeling in a different mindset at that point. I remember saying, ‘You guys are all the same, you guys are all the fucking same.’” Ansari asked her what she meant. When she turned to answer, she says he met her with “gross, forceful kisses."  By this point, anyone with any amount of social sense can clearly see that Grace does not want to continue to do anything sexually. She's managed to deescalate the situation and is now fully dressed watching TV. Aziz once again tries to re-initiate contact by kissing Grace and taking off her clothes.   At this point Grace gets up and leaves apartment, ending the encounter.  So by looking at each individual encounter and the factors at play, it's clear that Grace attempts to deescalate and turn down Aziz at most if not every turn while Aziz ignores these verbal and non verbal statements and continues against Grace's wishes. There were at least 4 times where Grace either said she was uncomfortable, felt forced, or flat out said no to Aziz's advances, as well as many physical cues.   If this had happened once or twice then maybe that could be called an accident, but it's clear that Aziz broke consent multiple times, and as we established in the beginning, that is the ONLY requirement for something to be legally considered sexual assault.  Edit: Formatting   Edit2: Thanks for the Gold!

	Score: 708
		>the point is the girl expressed her uncomfortableness with the situation  The article states she said she didn't want to move too fast. Her biggest attempt at stopping the sexual encounter was to stop moving her lips and mumble.   > freezing or going as the person says is a common response of sexual assault victims  But she didn't freeze. She willingly sucked his dick while in the back of her head thinking "I'd rather not be doing this right now." What is a horny Aziz supposed to do, read her mind?   >Physically resisting is not a pre realistic for rape  But not giving consent is. Participating in a sexual encounter and retroactively saying you weren't comfortable with the progression isn't sexual assault.  >one might feel threatened by the sheer consequences or by an uncomfortable situation in a sexual encounter  If you never say no to the sexual encounter, reciprocate sexual contact, and admit in your text messages to giving "non-verbal cues as to how uncomfortable you are" then you don't have the grounds to say it was assault.   Aziz though it went well and even texted her to follow up. You can't go through a sexual encounter and later say you thought at the time you were uncomfortable.    Are you really going to be scared of physical consequences of skinny, 5'6", Indian guy? 

	Score: 369
		> If this had happened once or twice then maybe that could be called an accident, but it's clear that Aziz broke consent multiple times, and as we established in the beginning, that is the ONLY requirement for something to be legally considered sexual assault.  Okay, first things first, let's be absolutely clear: *Nothing* about this incident is "clear". If it were, we wouldn't be having this discussion.   That said, you made a few statements that we need to clear up before we go any further:  &nbsp;  >"Consent must be enthusiastic, as in it should be something the person feels like they WANT to do, not what they HAVE to do."   That is absolutely not true. Consent and motivation are two completely separate elements, and consent does not require assent.   &nbsp;  >Consent is opt in, not opt out.  While *technically* correct, that is functionally not true in cases like this where consent is given then allegedly withdrawn. To put it another way: Once you've opted in, you're then responsible for opting out.    &nbsp;   From her description of the encounter, nothing he did qualifies as sexual assault. New York State Law specifically [§130.05\(2\)\(c\)](http://ypdcrime.com/penal.law/article130.htm#p130.05))  allows for implied consent. So was there implied consent? Absolutely. She freely admits this. From the article and her statement:  &nbsp;  >“He said something along the lines of, ‘How about you hop up and take a seat?’” Within moments, he was kissing her. “In a second, his hand was on my breast.”  Presumptive to be sure, but it's the fairly standard logical progression of a sexual encounter, and to this point she has been a willing participant. She "hopped up" (on the counter I'm guessing) and started making out with him, she allowed him to get undressed, and she allowed him to *undress her*. That is more than enough to satisfy implied consent.   So what happened when she did object to what was going on?  &nbsp;   >When Ansari told her he was going to grab a condom within minutes of their first kiss, Grace voiced her hesitation explicitly. “I said something like, ‘Whoa, let’s relax for a sec, let’s chill.’” She says he then resumed kissing her, briefly performed oral sex on her, and asked her to do the same thing to him. She did, but not for long.     So when he said he was going to get a condom, she said: "Whoa, let’s relax for a sec, let’s chill". Okay, so she essentially says no to the sex ("for a sec") which he complies with, but she continues making out with him and they perform oral sex on each other.   To say that there were mixed signals is a understatement, so it's perfectly reasonable to assume that he didn't understand that she was uncomfortable with the situation.   She goes on to say:  >“Most of my discomfort was expressed in me pulling away and mumbling."  Both of which could easily be misinterpreted as normal behavior during a sexual encounter, especially a first encounter where the two individuals are still learning what the other likes/dislikes.     &nbsp;    and   > "I know I was physically giving off cues that I wasn’t interested.   Except she was *also* giving off physical clues that she *was* interested. Forgive me for being crude but, when you put a guy's dick in your mouth, that's generally never considered a stop sign.        &nbsp;   Her whole account is full of mixed signals and instances of expecting him to know what she was thinking or feeling, even when her actions were, in some cases, the exact opposite. Now if we're going to have a conversation about sexual assault and how men may need to alter their behavior- and believe me, I think it's a valid conversation to have, we *also* need to talk about the ways women need to alter *their* behavior.   Now every normal guy understands that "No" means no, and they no problem respecting that standard. But when you start getting into instances like this, where this lady is making the argument that sometimes "*Yes*" means "No", then we've got big problems.     &nbsp;  Edit: Thank you for the gold kind stranger.  

	Score: 185
		Can we please stop saying "skinny 5'6" Indian guy". first him being Indian is irrelevant, but also you don't know how large this girl is. Many men are stronger than they appear in comparison to a woman, and this girl could literally be 5'0. You don't know so it's safer to assume she isn't some sort of 6 ft Amazonian, and would very well be scared of him

	Score: 180
		>Assuming this is true, one woman stated that he performed oral sex after she had explicitly said she'd like to 'cool things down' and certainly had not provided consent in any form.  We don't know the full conversation here. But assuming that was all that was said, how does she say that and let him get his head between her legs without any form of resistance or words of resistance?   >Consent is a positive assertion  A positive assertion is him pointing to his dick and her sucking it. Should I get consent for every escalation in a sexual encounter? Should we get rid of safe words because you should never be doing anything without their explicit written permission anyways?   Is it rape if a girl says mid-thrust to stop and you go in one too many times?  She gave all the clues for a guy. Want to meet up, want to go back to his place, not say no when the sex starts. All she needed to say was "stop" and he either would have or committed a crime. It is not that hard. 

	Score: 171
		>Whoa, let’s relax for a sec, let’s chill.   >Next time. (In response to him asking where she wanted him to fuck her.  Her response is indicating that she doesn’t want to tonight.)   >I don’t want to feel forced because then I’ll hate you, and I’d rather not hate you.   >I stood up and said no, I don’t think I’m ready to do this, I really don’t think I’m going to do this.   >” I remember saying, ‘You guys are all the same, you guys are all the fucking same.’” Ansari asked her what she meant. When she turned to answer, she says he met her with “gross, forceful kisses.”  ^ im including that one because it shows him trying to sexually engage her when she says something that shows she is clearly upset.   Im quoting all of the instances of this woman using verbal cues to get Aziz to stop his advances because it seems like through you post and your comments that you are of the mind that unless there is an explicit “no” (though there was in here too) or “stop,” then consent is given and everyone can just carry on their way.    If you are in a sexual encounter, verbal cues for consent (and for nonconsent) are very rarely going to be as clear as “yes, I, being of sound mind, would like to have sex with you.”  Its more usually stuff like responding positively to dirty talk (which she want doing) or asking if someone likes how something feels as you progress or whatever.  It’s much more often a mix of less direct verbal and nonverbal cues.    Nonverbal cues are just as valid as verbal cues by the way. If you keep putting my hand on your dick and I keep obviously putting it somewhere else, that seems like a pretty clear message.  If I keep moving across the room when you kiss me, same message.  If these nonverbal cues are combined with the verbal ones above? Pretty strong message.    Aziz, in the heat of the moment or purposefully (it doesn’t matter) ignored all of these verbal cues and nonverbal cues that were repeated throughout the night.    So, consider my comment as addressing your notion that she didn’t do enough to get him to stop because she was only being nonverbal.    She wasn’t.  And even if she was, nonverbal communication is something that both parties are responsible for being aware of in a sexual encounter.  And continuing that sexual contact with someone who has repeatedly show themselves to be and told me that they are uncomfortable is assault.  For whatever it’s worth, I think him immediately apologizing instead of making excuses is good.  I think it shows that he was caught up in the moment and being dense and Percy rather than malicious.  But you can assault someone by being really ignorant of their verbal and nonverbal cues, so it doesn’t change my point.

	Score: 163
		To better understand Aziz's behaviour. Lets see what assault is, conduct of sexual act without consent. Extending this line, a sexual encounter without a party's consent is assault right? Now, the girl says that she wasn't comfortable and she gave non verbal cues, told him she doesn't feel well, she didnt want to have sex tonight etc. Aziz still insisted, insisted I'm the sense that he ignored her cues, now Aziz in his mind may very well think that the woman wanted him, that she's playing hard to get or whatever but the point is the girl expressed her uncomfortableness with the situation. Now, if one says that she did not physically or verbally resist or didn't leave the apartment asap, is just theorizing on how she couldve reacted there. It must be noted that freezing or going as the person says is a common response of sexual assault victims (something that they feel very shameful and guilty about). Physically resisting like happened in Weinstein and other cases are gruesome physical assaults, agreed but they depend upon the assaulter. Physically resisting is not a pre realistic for rape (it was, as late as the 90s in Germany, if a woman wanted to prove rape), bor does it make sense because as is the case, one might feel threatened by the sheer consequences or by an uncomfortable situation in a sexual encounter.  

	Score: 147
		Assuming this is true, one woman stated that he performed oral sex after she had explicitly said she'd like to 'cool things down' and certainly had not provided consent in any form.   You do not have to physically resist to prove you're not consenting. Consent is a *positive* assertion. You either give it or you don't, and she didn't, and he knew this.  https://babe.net/2018/01/13/aziz-ansari-28355

	Score: 144
		What Ansari did was “diet assault.” He didn’t force her, he didn’t threaten her, but he *did* pressure her and did not take no for an answer.  What this woman described is the more insidious type of sexual misconduct that I can guarantee almost every sexually active woman has experienced at least once in her life. I’ve experienced it. I’ve had guys be pushy, keep pulling a particular move that felt a little degrading, keep moving the conversation or the night back to sex because they’re clearly horny and don’t care about my discomfort. I’ve never been sexually assaulted by a partner or a date, but I’ve certainly experienced sexual misconduct by partners and dates.  While Ansari didn’t rape anyone, didn’t even assault anyone—it’s important that his behavior be called out and recognized as misconduct. It’s misconduct to feel like being horny gives you the license to be more aggressive, more suggestive, less respectful than you otherwise would be. It’s misconduct to keep pushing sex when someone has told you they’re not interested in that. No means no, and any behavior disrespecting that no is wrong. 

	Score: 120
		She said she didn’t want to have sex then he bent her over pretending to fuck her asking her where she wanted it.   That’s sexual misconduct man. Also if a girls says “I’m uncomfortable lets just slow down and chill” and you keep whipping your dick out, so is that. So is forcing your fingers down someone’s throat and their hand on your crotch.   He wanted to bone snd was being really forceful and creepy. Unacceptable behavior.

	Score: 117
		Aziz definitely isn't going to prison, but this story highlights the way men often respond to women attempting to say no, by clearly saying "i don't want to have sex" or "let's slow down". There are a bunch of guys in this thread saying "What am I supposed to do?", but obviously if a girl is saying I don't want to have sex don't think that her staying is her telling you to keep trying.

	Score: 113
		My wife summed it up best. As a woman, she thinks that the woman should have said no and walked away much sooner. I on the other hand as a male, thinks that he should be aware that she isn't into it and have stopped pressuring her and respected her refusal.  And both of us are absolutely right

	Score: 111
		But in the rest of this thread you strongly assert that she didn't resist or verbally revoke consent. Are you a mind-reader?

	Score: 110
		> I disagree. If you do not want to perform a sex act but feel as though you have to due to physical or psychological force, or any other reason, then that is not consensual sex.  That's simply not true and it's a fundamental misunderstanding of the law.   If there is a threat- or any type of coercion, then you're right, it's non-consensual, but there are specific criteria that need to exist for that to be true. It's not coercion simply because someone says it is, or because they say they felt pressured.   According to her statement, at no point did he threaten her, either physically or psychologically. There was no quid pro quo implied or offered ("Let's have sex and/or I'll help/hurt your career). She wasn't in any danger. There was no attempt to isolate her or prevent her from leaving. She had her phone the whole time (or at least access to it), and she was perfectly free to walk out at any time, which eventually she did.   Her *feeling* like she was being forced does not actually mean she *was* being forced. As I said in my initial comment, Ansari's actions were presumptuous and it makes him sound like an asshole, but that doesn't mean that what he did was assault. Given the context of the situation she described, his actions are nowhere near sexual assault.              &nbsp;  >In this case, the alleged victim plainly said that she felt like she was being forced to do something she didn't want to do and Aziz persisted to ask her for oral sex.    Yes but she plainly said it ***after the fact***. That night, in his apartment, the things she said were coupled with actions that often times sent the exact opposite message from what she claims she was trying to say.   Again, this isn't a case where she was being physically forced to participate in these acts. She wasn't being restrained, or detained. She said "hold on a sec" when he said he was going to get a condom- presumably to initiate sex, so he didn't go get a condom, and they didn't have sex. After that she allowed him to give her oral sex and she performed oral sex on him.   So, from his standpoint: They were making out. He wanted to grab a condom and have sex. She said no, so he didn't. It's perfectly reasonable to assume that he thought she was just saying no to the sex, and not saying no to everything. That point reinforced by the fact that after she said no, they gave each other oral sex.  The one time she came close to clearly saying something:  >"I said I don’t want to feel forced because then I’ll hate you, and I’d rather not hate you."  It's again reasonable for him to think she was only talking about intercourse, particularly because they were specifically talking about intercourse when she said it. The lead up to that was them talking about having sex, and she said: "Next time" (implying, at least to him, that there would actually *be* a next time), to which he made a stupid joke and asked her for sex again. At that point she went to the bathroom and when she came out, she said no because she didn't want to hate him.   Again, that point is reinforced because, just like before, she went down on him again after saying no to the sex.    &nbsp;  >She chose to do it, but choosing to do something and consent are two different things.  No actually, they're not. In fact they're literally the same thing. You're confusing assent (agreeing with something) with consent (permitting it to happen). For example:  I may not assent to (i.e. agree with) my daughter staying up until 11:00 pm on a school night, but I still may consent to (i.e. permit) her doing so.  Consenting to something does not mean, nor does it require, that you agree with it.     &nbsp;   It seems like you and I largely agree on the rest of the issue so I won't belabor the point.  I will say though that this is a situation that could've easily been avoided by Grace clearly stating what she wanted- or in this case didn't want, or simply leaving.   This is one of those behaviors I was talking about earlier that's going to need to change. People- both men and women, need to clearly communicate boundaries when it comes to sexual contact. Even more so with new, or potentially new, sexual partners, seeing as they don't have the benefit of familiarity.   In a relationship it's easier to read people. For example, I've been married for nearly twenty years. I can tell when my wife is or isn't in the mood, but in case I miss the signals, when my wife isn't in the mood for sex, she says she's not in the mood for sex. Just like when I'm not in the mood to have sex with her, I clearly say I'm not in the mood (granted, that part is mostly theoretical, but you get my point).                

	Score: 105
		> https://babe.net/2018/01/13/aziz-ansari-28355  He called her a car once she articulated that she was uncomfortable and wanted to leave? Aziz clearly misunderstood her body language in this instance, but he recognised that and apologised in a subsequent text. You can't possibly expect someone to read your mind in the heat of the moment.

	Score: 102
		If "I don't want to have sex" isn't a good enough refusal for sex, what should she have said? Hard to think of anything more explicit.

	Score: 99
		I think it's ironic that you start your post with "let's say the facts" without acknowledging that the only "evidence" of this encounter is her account. Her account is not enough to even say that these events happened in the way they did.

	Score: 96
		>Then he was undressing her, then he undressed himself. She remembers feeling uncomfortable at how quickly things escalated.  >She says he then resumed kissing her, briefly performed oral sex on her, and asked her to do the same thing to him. She did, but not for long.  > It was really repetitive. It felt like a fucking game.  >He sat back and pointed to his penis and motioned for me to go down on him. And I did.  She's obviously not comfortable with the way this encounter is going down, but maybe at some point if whoever you're with isn't getting your "verbal and nonverbal" queues and you "don’t think that was noticed at all" you STOP AND SAY "NO."  Feeling like you have to suck a dick because it would be *impolite* not to is a HUGE problem and there is no situation where that should actually happen, but that has nothing to do with a guy who's awkward picking up social queues.  Especially when the partner is going back to making out / hoping for backrubs in between saying "let's chill for a sec ..."

	Score: 93
		Framing this woman’s actions as a series of de escalation attempts is helpful.   I’m not sure if retreated to a legal-framework is always the most helpful way to talk about these things though.  You can quickly run into issues where legal precedents aren’t enough to make sense of a particular situation.  Either with assault requirements being strict to the point of anything less than violent rape being assault or, in the other direction, things like a mutually consenting 17 year old and 18 year old being legally a form of rape.  Sometimes our common, intuitive understanding of a situation can be more nuanced than a legal one.

	Score: 90
		This is the type of “misconduct” that could and should be called out privately. And it’s the type that not only every woman but every man will experienced as well. I’ve never been asked my consent; I’ve been “pressured” or “seduced” by pushy females. My personal feelings about how comfortable I was with it in the moment, positive or negative, are irrelevant to these new sexual consent rules which no one can or does actually follow.  



CMV: Marvel movies would better better for the viewer if they didn't reveal major plot points in the trailer
=======================================

	Score: 502
		I find it odd that you think they are "unintentionally" dulling the surprise of the movie. They're doing it on purpose, because it makes *the trailers* more interesting, and generates hype for the movie beforehand.  Take Thor: Ragnarok. When the trailer dropped and Hulk was shown in it, people went *nuts*. Along with the bright color scheme and tone shift, the Hulk reveal generated a massive amount of buzz for the movie and got people excited for the movie, leading to more people going into the movie and the people going into the movie *anticipating* Hulk and being entertained waiting for him.  Is that an objectively "better" experience than being surprised in the theater? Depends on the person, because hype leading into the movie is part of the experience for a lot of people. Some people might not like it, while other people might love having some of the "reveals" show up early to keep their hype levels up. And it certainly means more people show up to the movies, which is a pretty important metric.

	Score: 134
		!Delta I understand  the Thor one since majority of the Thor movies has low ratings.

	Score: 83
		Honestly the way I see it is this. The purpose of trailers is to get people to want to watch the movie. If you already want to watch the movie you don’t have to watch trailers. If you watch trailers to determine whether or not you want to watch the movie you’re probably not going to consider anything you see in the trailer to be a spoiler. I stopped watching previews after the whole Batman V Superman trailer debacle and my in theater experiences have been much more enjoyable

	Score: 77
		Spoiled plots are actually [more enjoyable](https://www.universityofcalifornia.edu/news/spoiler-alert-spoilers-make-you-enjoy-stories-more) according to studies.  That isn't true for everybody, but there is a specific group in which it is especially not true: Hardcore fans who intend to watch the movie multiple times.  If you are the type of person who likes watching a movie multiple times in multiple ways, such as the extended version, the version with commentary, etc, one of the multiple ways is watching it once where the plot is a surprise.  The only way that is an option is to have it be a first viewing for an unspoiled movie.  So it absolutely makes sense that spoiling a movie is bad for hardcore fans.  But, if you aren't in that group of people, most people actually can enjoy stories better knowing the plot.  There are a lot of people who let spoilers be a negative placebo: It just makes it worse because they think it makes it worse.  But are you going to tell me that Romeo and Juliet is less enjoyable because it has been spoiled?  Some people take their queues from the hardcore fans complaining about having movies spoiled as signs that the "proper" way to enjoy a movie is unspoiled, but really we have studies that show just the opposite is true for casual viewers.

	Score: 36
		I see people cite this same study all the time and I can't help but feel that it's total bullshit. In the study they "spoil" short stories that the subjects almost certainly never intended to read on their own, if they had even heard of the short stories at all. And that's just the thing. Nobody gives a damn about spoilers for things that they don't care about. Being spoiled only hurts when you were looking forward to learning the spoiled content firsthand, and the study didn't test for that whatsoever. 

	Score: 35
		(1) I don't think certain characters' presence could be considered "major plot points." Sometimes, whether someone is around or not tells something about past events, but sometimes they're just there.  I just saw Thor, and I agree that the plot wasn't a complete surprise, but I didn't get as much of the stuff on Asgard from the trailer. And I also think seeing Hulk in the trailer advertised the spirit and humor of the film quite well. There were still plenty of questions answered about his presence, and plenty that surprised me about his presence.  Characters' presence is also a *huge* way to advertise the film. People who have been waiting for Black Panther might go see Civil War if they know he's there, but not go if they didn't know that. Likewise Spiderman (probably moreso), and Hulk. Someone just being there doesn't really say anything about why, when, how, or what.  (2) I think in general, comic book movies don't have spoilers in the same ways that other films might. Many of these are based on plots of the comic books themselves, at least loosely. Going into the movie, anyone with a little bit of knowledge of the comics would know (a) Kate Blanchett's character is Hela, goddess of death; and (b) Ragnarok is the fall of Asgard. It's like historical films. Is it a spoiler to say Marie Antoinette is going to die? Even if some viewers have more historical background than others, there's only so much that's a surprise.

	Score: 22
		You do realize that the hulk/thor were foreshadowed in Civil War, right? There are a few times in the movie that they're brought up and nobody knows what they're up to.    My roommates have all of the marvel movies and I've spent the last month watching them in order. I'm literally about to watch spidey and then go see ragnarok after watching dr strange just last night.    I've watched trailers and asked my roommates questions, and I feel like I'm right where I need to be.    The series has been amazing and I'm loving how all of the storylines are coming together.    Most importantly, I feel like you become addicted to the next cliffhanger more than you are looking forward to the contents of the movie. 

	Score: 16
		The spider-man cameo is a small part of civil war, so having it spoiled didn't really detract from my viewing experience. Black Panther is introduced early and his existence is clearly telegraphed by the king of Wakanda being in the film. I would have seen him coming either way, though it still would have been a nice surprise if I didn't know to expect it.  Ragnarok was different because the film itself clearly doesn't expect you to know about Hulk. It spends almost half an hour building up the threat of the Grandmaster's champion, building to what was set up to be comical revelation, and all of that work is utterly wasted because I already know that the champion is Hulk and I already know that after the battle is done Thor and Hulk will team up. Revealing hulk in the ad campaign severely undercut this portion of the film and clearly went against the intentions of the film makers. 

	Score: 14
		> are you going to tell me that Romeo and Juliet is less enjoyable because it has been spoiled?   **YES!**  The ending of that play is one of the greatest twists in all of literature.    Having it spoiled that they're lovers doesn't ruin it.  Having it spoiled by knowing they both die doesn't even ruin it completely.    The manner of their deaths, however, is tragic irony at its finest.  The whole ending of the play is a thousand times more powerful because each one commits suicide believing the other dead -- even though Romeo is mistaken.  It drives home the point that both of them are just children who don't actually know how to deal with love or loss.  They're impetuous, they can't think logically, they react emotionally.    

	Score: 14
		I'd be fine with this, except how the hell do you avoid trailers? I mean, you say your in-theater experiences have been more enjoyable, but how have you figured out exactly when the movie is likely to start so as to avoid all trailers, yet definitely see the beginning of the movie?  Even then, this makes adblock and cordcutting an absolute necessity.  I somehow avoided all possible information about Thor (except I already know what the word Ragnarok means), and was pleasantly surprised by Hulk! But I have no idea how I'd manage it if I had watched a single movie in the theater anytime in the months before that movie came out.

	Score: 12
		Could you elaborate on these, and their relevance to the points you started the post with or my points? How is Sakaar a character? Even if we expand your OP to include settings, how is Sakaar a major plot point of the film, rather than just one of its settings? What does it give away about the arc of the film itself to know that Thor's going to travel to a fighting arena place?  Frankly, I think Ragnarok was a little light on plot *in general*, which I think is part of what you're responding to here. There's a lot of fun, but not many events and very little character development. The Valkyrie gets the most to do, but it's telegraphed pretty early on that she's going to be redeemed in the movie (I could tell from the minute she walked on screen that she was already conflicted about her life and that's why she was drinking, and, therefore, that she would be on team good by the end). The big climax of the movie is pretty obvious as soon as Thor and Loki first attempt to battle Hela. I'm sure some figured it out from the opening scenes themselves. There's no growth-towards-a-final encounter, there's no outsmarting the villain, there's no strength in numbers, or elaborate planning. Frankly, the Sakaar romp, while great fun, is mostly filler because there isn't that much content on the Ragnarok side. And I don't think it's wrong to show people what they'll actually get from the movie. I think many would feel *cheated* by a trailer that focused on the Ragnarok elements given how much time the film spent on Sakaar.  (2) Many people don't know history. That doesn't mean all audiences should be treated as ignorant about these basic things. Why should advertisers protect the lowest common denominator, rather than aiming the trailers at folks in the middle of the pack? Do you think history-based films should avoid "giving away" certain events in order to protect audiences that are unaware of them?

	Score: 10
		We live in an information age.  Avoiding spoilers is nearly impossible and even if Marvel did not put those appearances of spiderman and black panther in their movie trailer, those details would have been leaked.  Instead of Marvel being upstaged by a casting leak or fan footage of a set, they reveal it on their own terms.  When they release the secret, they control the narrative.  The trailers may be revealing some secrets, but they are also deceptively edited to conceal context and crucial plot details regarding those characters.  You also have to consider that Marvel wants people to talk about spiderman and black panther before the premiere because they want people hyped up and excited to go see it.  It drums up discussion amongst fans and more of a reason for people to go out and see the film.  

	Score: 9
		I really don't like trailers. I believe they should be teasers, get you hyped and give you a taste of what the movie will be. Not reveal big plot points or be filled with the best jokes of the movie.  BIG SPOILERS FOR THOR RAGNAROK I think Thor had three huge reveals, Mjonir being destroyed (akin to a supporting character dying), Hulk appearing (we havent seen this guy for years) and Thor getting full on lightning powers. All three of these things are showed in the trailer. Fair enough the first two happen relatively soon but the last one is in the last 20-30 minutes of the movie.  Only trailer worse for this would be BvS when they revealed Doomsday.  I don't have to watch trailers, and I try not to but sometimes I want to get into the hype of it. I watched a really good Homecoming trailer that I felt a trailer should be but since haven't been able to find it. Just coming up with the usual synopsis video with jokes shoved in.

	Score: 8
		I don't watch cable tv, use UblockO, and rarely go to movies.  Still haven't seen the new starwars trailer. I'd have to go out of my way to watch a movie trailer. So I guess your right, adblock + cord cutting.

	Score: 7
		This is generally true of all movies. The tension is between not spoiling plot reveals and getting butts in seats. How can they boost ticket sales without this practice, if there are no other compelling scene snippets to build into a trailer?  This goes back a long way. Terminator 2 would have been an even better movie if the moment when young John met the T800 in the hallway we didn’t already know that the T800 was a “good” terminator.   I just don’t watch trailers anymore unless it is for something unlikely to have a plot twist - like Deadpool. 

	Score: 6
		Adding those characters into the movie was done specifically to attract a wider audience AND provide potential for spin offs and crossovers. There's nothing about having Spider-Man in Civil War that influenced the plot in any appreciable way.   Not revealing them would only be a surprise for opening weekend people, who would then tell all their friends to go see it because Spider-Man is funny in it.   What's the point of containing that kind of reveal for a single weekend?  Those kinds of reveals are different from plot twists, which are generally kept a secret by the audience, since they are an integral part of the movie itself.   Darth Vader is Luke's father? Plot twist.   Bruce Willis was dead the whole time? Plot twist.   Spider-Man was in Civil War? Cameo. 

	Score: 6
		I'm not sure how that relates to the King of Wakanda's early appearance being a signal that Black Panther is likely to appear.

	Score: 6
		I watched Dr Strange immediately before Thor: Ragnarok.  Definitely worth doing.

	Score: 6
		The idea is that the viewer enjoys getting hyped up, which is why they go along with it

	Score: 6
		Not the person you asked, but I've been on trailer blackout for 2 years now and it's pretty easy. In theaters you  just lierally ignore it. I almost never go alone, so I fixmy eyes on whoever is with me and we chat a bit.  On reddit, facebook and the restof the internet I just don't click on any marketing material.



CMV: Harry Potter has an awful magic system which severely weakens the plot
=======================================

	Score: 617
		Wands and words are the tools to help guide a learning student into doing the right mental things to make the spell happen.      Sort of like writing - when you are learning to write, you begin to learn on those big pieces of paper with three lines in order to form the letters into words that are readable.   You practice with precision.  To write the letter lowercase d you make a perfect circle halfway up to the dashed line, and an absolutely straight line.        That is needed until you get the muscle memory down.    Then you graduate to standard ruled paper. Some people who have an aptitude become calligraphists, but those folks are rare.            Many things are taught this way.   Learning Musical instruments.  etc.. etc..          It's not the wand or the words that make the magic, those are the tools to lead you to do the right thing mentally.   The focus on precision is just a teaching tool for young kids.             If you are good, or have an aptitude, you can be a bit lax with the wand and the words.    If you are exceptional, you can eschew them entirely.          Harry Potter is, at first, about the school experience.   And practicing such things with precision is something that is done in elementary schools.    Later on, the precision does not count as much - it's only the results that count.

	Score: 198
		To continue your analogies, in both of your situations when you break it down to the fundamental levels of "what is happening here" there is no difference between a complete novice and a master.   Your writer is still just making marks on a surface, your musician is still just creating noise with at tool. Transitioning between the different levels of skill is a refinement of that original task.  With magic, a transition occurs without a real explanation. Magic goes from something that is entirely a *physical* action - forming the sound of the words and timing it with precise movement - to one that is entirely *mental*.  

	Score: 172
		TL;DR: I agree that it's not adequately explained, but if we make the simple assumption that magic is fundamentally a mental process it's quite obvious that verbal and physical components are just "training wheels" intended to create the right mental state/path/whatever in a way that's easier to initially master and simpler for a teacher to correct.  ---  The transition occurs without explanation, but that doesn't mean it's not readily explainable if we make the simple assumption that mental, physical and verbal patterns are largely interchangeable.  If we assume that the spell is really about one's mental state, the verbal and physical components are just ways of creating mental patterns.  Why use them?  Unlike a mental state, the words and movements are patterns which are easily remembered, quickly replicated and, most importantly, easily tuned: you can hear an inflection that's off, see a misplaced movement, and more importantly someone *else* (i.e. a teacher) can do the same.  If I say "the spell will work if you imagine the word X," and your spell doesn't work, I have no idea what you did wrong, you probably don't either, and neither of us can fix the problem.  In turn, wordless or motionless magic is the result of someone learning to replicate the relevant mental pattern without the physical/verbal aid, either through precisely imagining that component or somehow understanding whatever mental pattern that component is intended to produce.  To take the analogy one step further, it's like transitioning from a fretted to a fretless instrument.  On a fretted instrument, you have tactile cues telling you where your notes are, and when you're going to move from one note to another.  On a fretless instrument, you have to rely only a point of contact with the instrument plus your own proprioception in order to gauge each note.  You're still just creating noise with a tool, and you're even doing it through the same basic process, but in one case you're doing so with the benefit of an external guide that harnesses an extra sense (touch) and in the other you're doing it without that guide (using only your sense of relative positioning).  Same goes for transitioning from playing with a metronome to having to keep your own time.  Heck, the rarity of "perfect pitch" is even a good analogy for why so few wizards are *ever* able to master silent/motionless spells, and why many of those who are able to do that can do so only in a fairly limited or rote fashion rather than being truly fluid with it.

	Score: 110
		>Magic goes from something that is entirely a physical action - forming the sound of the words and timing it with precise movement - to one that is entirely mental.  I don't think that's true really.  I think magic is always a mental exercise.  The incantation and wandwork are to help practice the mind in focusing in the correct manner to elicit the particular magic desired.  As you become better, you can figure out the "why" behind what particular magic feels like, and focus your mind appropriately without the tool of the verbal incantation and wand movement.  I'll give you that time turners were stupid, mostly because time travel is _always_ terrible.

	Score: 98
		**Skip to the end for a TL;DR**  > My gripe with how this is done in the HP series is that often times when these new magic aspects are introduced, they replace or conflict with what was previously known. Its a cheap plot device.  I just don't think this is true.  Are there any specific examples of contradictions you had in mind? I can't think of a single instance in the books of magic conflicting with prior rules. It's a pretty well-known fact that Rowling developed her world and her magical rules for a long time, setting them in stone before she ever started writing the series.  >Exceptional spell pronunciation and precise wand movement is explained to be essential for a spell to function at all, but then later we end up losing the pronunciation and wand movement entirely. Magic can just happen wordlessly and without a wand.  This stays consistent. You're probably thinking of Flitwick's *swish-and-flick-and-clearly-state-Wingardium-Leviosa* lesson, and it's true, that is important - in the students' *first year*. "Losing" that stuff later on is actually explained in great detail. Magic happening wordlessly is a subplot in HBP. They're called nonverbal spells, and they're difficult - that's why they aren't taught until the sixth year. Wand movement sticks around: HBP also introduces Levicorpus, which requires a specific upwards flick of the wrist; and Sectumsempra, in which it's implied that the wounds correspond with the user's wand slashes. I would assume that, most of the time, specifics of wand movements for spells are just not important enough to the plot to be detailed.  >There's essentially no limit to a magic users abilities once you figure out a spell for the first time. You could cast Avada Kedavra all day long.  It's interesting that you use Avada Kedavra as your example, because actually, that one specifically is explained as requiring more magical prowess. In GoF, when the fake Moody is explaining Avada Kedavra to the students, he says something like, "You all could pull out your wands right now, point them at me, and say the incantation, and I doubt I'd get so much as a nosebleed."  >Magic detection is entirely inconsistent. They can use the "trace" to detect any magic from someone underage anywhere, but can't at all tell when someone in the middle of the Ministry of Magic in under a Polyjuice potion? What is this huge magic detection network that allows the "trace" to work? How is it not being used for other things?  The Trace is specifically said to be imperfect. At some point in DH, I believe after the Death Eaters track the trio down in the cafe, Harry wonders if they can have kept it on him past the age of 17, but Ron says it's impossible to place it on an adult. Also, Dobby levitates the pudding in CoS, and the Ministry thinks it was Harry. So it's flawed magic, and it just won't work for other things.  >Spells have a mind of their own, ala Accio and Crucio  While I'm not quite sure what you mean by this, I think you may have a point - like McGonagall's enchanted chess pieces. How do they know how to play chess? Are they sentient? Same with the apparently living suits of armor all over the castle. My theory is that it's like real-life AI, in that it's made to look like life, but isn't really.  >Incredibly overpowered items like the Time-turner effectively break the universe  Time-Turners are kinda busted, that's true, although I think it's more about paradoxical logic than simple overpowering. Importantly, the things that are affected by travelling back in time with a Time-Turner were already like that the first time through. So, for instance, when Harry lays dying by the lake, he sees the future him on the opposite bank casting the Patronus and saving himself. Then he goes back later and fulfills those events from the other side through the Time-Turner. The reason he can't just go back and defeat Voldemort early or warn himself about dangerous events is that he... didn't do it. You can't change the past with a Time-Turner. I guess it's because that would be a paradox. It's a messy concept, and probably would have been best avoided.  **TL;DR**  Most of your examples are actually explained in the context of the books. There are a couple of little exceptions, such as Time-Turners, but overall the magic system is consistent, is explained, and makes sense.

	Score: 96
		Since my gripe is with the consistencies of a systems mechanisms, I don't agree that "the lack of grounded rules for spells makes them that much more intriguing".   I also don't accept that a kids book shouldn't be consistent. I read HP as or relatively soon after the books came out, and since I am in my low 20's, I grew up reading this series.   Eragon is also a child-YA book series, so is The Bartimaeus Trilogy -  another example of a kids book series with a well-defined, consistant magic system

	Score: 94
		1. Wands are a way of controlling magic, but not necessary to conduct it. Well before that "swish and flick" lesson, Harry unintentionally causes the snake at the zoo's glass to disappear.    Uncontrolled bursts of magic are often seen when young, untrained children get very emotional (ex. Harry, Tom Riddle at the orphanage, Neville bouncing, Ariana Dumbledore). If young children can use nonverbal/nonwand magic, obviously strong, older wizards can too. It's just hard to do it in a controlled way. Fittingly, only very experienced wizards are seen using this complicated type of magic.   2. Magic in HP requires some emotional strain. For example, Tonks is so sad when Lupin rejects her and Sirius dies that she can no longer transform. Spells like Avada Kedavra can only be used when you *really* mean it, and while some stronger or more evil wizards like Voldemort can probably use them a lot it's more difficult for younger/less evil wizards.  3. The "trace" is only for underage wizards, so it no longer applied to Harry, Ron and Hermione by the time they broke into the ministry. The detection was somewhat manipulated, however, by the death eaters to track those who used Voldemort's name. They probably could use it for other things, and maybe are, but we don't know about them because they don't affect Harry's life.  4. Not sure what this one means?  5. I won't argue this point, because it's really just a matter of opinion. The time turner abides by strict and believable rules (well, until they ruined it with the Cursed Child), but you might still consider it over-powered anyway.

	Score: 80
		I think my main point may have gotten lost in the details.   It is really easy to read the *entire series*, all the books, and then look back over the *whole series* and say "everything is (more or less*) explained". I get that.  My problem is with how the magic system is presented and developed *through* the series. Like when you are a **first** time reader. Like any series, the magic is laid out in a very simple form at the beginning and more complex features and aspects are built up over time. That is normal, that is OK!   My gripe with how this is done in the HP series is that often times when these new magic aspects are introduced, they replace or conflict with what was previously known. Its a cheap plot device. Characters run into unexplainable circumstances and often in the series the answer is some form of magic that was not revealed to you before that moment.   Its kind of like how math is sometimes taught in schools, at first you cant subtract a bigger number from a smaller number, then negatives are revealed to you, then you can't use decimals, but then that is taught, all the way up till you cant divide by 0 or multiply infinities, which in advanced math you definitely can.      ^^*Obviously ^^there ^^are ^^a ^^ton ^^of ^^other ^^inconsistencies ^^and ^^gripes, ^^but ^^the ^^main ^^points ^^are ^^explained.

	Score: 76
		[deleted]

	Score: 74
		> I love stories that set out the rules for a magic system, and then navigate their plots through that system while keeping it consistent.    One can view magic systems as a spectrum: hard magic at one end and soft magic at the other. Hard magic sounds like the magic you enjoy, magic with clearly defined rules and limits.    Superman is an example of a hard magic system -- he has specific powers (strength, flight, laser eyes, etc) and specific limits (kryptonite weakens him) which are established early and do not change through the course of the story. Contrast this with Lord of the Rings, an example of soft magic. The magic is wilder, more mysterious, and not understood or controlled by the point of view characters. This adds a sense of wonder to the magic that we do not get with Superman.    And this is the crux of my argument. Softer magic systems give more wonder and mystery. What is Rowling trying to do with Harry Potter? She is crafting a story of *wonder*, where we follow Harry into this vast world so unlike the one he comes from. Harry feels wonder and awe. By keeping the magic system softer, Rowling grants us the same feeling.    But Rowling isn't stupid. Harry Potter's magic system is in the middle between soft and hard. This is because the characters must use magic to solve their problems. A very soft magic system would have Harry waving is wand randomly and then the spell he needed right at that moment would burst out as if by chance. That would feel like a cop-out. Too hard and we understand the magic and lose the wonder that Harry Potter so relies upon.    But Rowling ingeniously keeps the greater world soft while restricting the main characters to a harder magic system. We know exactly the spells Harry can cast, so when he solves problems with these spells it does not feel like a cop-out. Because of this the damage to the plot is minimal. The characters still act within their limits.   Rowling has found the correct balance between understanding and wonder in her magic system. Yes, there are a few silly spots in the series with magical dues-ex-machinas or inconsistencies, but they do not take much away. However, a hard magic system like the one you suggest, that would truly hurt the story. Yes, perhaps the plot would be slightly better and a few plot holes and inconsistencies would vanish, but the tone and themes and feel of the story and Harry's character arc would be ruined. Softer magic is a small sacrifice for all this.  **TL;DR: Magic systems with clear rules and limits loose the sense of wonder so vital to Harry Potter. To change this would be to fundamentally change the story. However, the main characters by and large follow specific rules (they know specific spells and no others) so Harry Potter's softer magic system does not damage the plot.**   Sources: You can read more about soft/hard magic systems in [Sanderson's First Law of Magic](http://brandonsanderson.com/sandersons-first-law/) and about wonder in Harry Potter in a [Writing Excuses Podcast](http://www.writingexcuses.com/2016/02/07/11-06-the-element-of-wonder/). Most of what I said has been lifted from these two links.   

	Score: 70
		I could write a book on how Eragon is the poster child for your point here, it's a great series to read to learn how to write fantasy... In that Paolini breaks his own rules that he set at the beginning.   In Harry Potter, there are rules for magic. Rowling even said in an interview she set these rules down before she even started the plot or created the characters.   The difference is that Rowling never tells you explicitly what the rules are, the reader is left to infer them.   As well, by sticking to the rules, she creates a world where everything that magic does is believable and by sticking to those rules, the reader is never elevated out of the plot by contradictions.   The other major difference is that magic in Harry Potter is a literary device that ties the world together. You never see the whole picture of the magical world, you only know as much as Harry. What you know about magic grows as you learn along with Harry as he goes to school. You are learning as the characters learn, only getting slivers and occasionally big revelations.   In addition, there are some rules that are obvious from the books. They are that magic cannot bring people back from the dead, and it can't make you immortal. In many ways, the motivation of Voldemort throughout the series is to break these rules. Thats the entire point of the climax of the final book, where those rules seem to be broken.  The intertwining of magic with the character arcs is one big reason those books are such great stories. Rowling uses magic to tie together diverse character arcs and create a universe of magic that's not only believable, but enticing and connected.    Another counter argument one could make is that fantasy as a genre doesn't exist to convince you magic is real, and the efforts of an author to justify the impossible through believable means is just bad writing. Magic is a plot device, a world building device, or any number of literary devices. When an author is forced to explain why it exists to you other than to advance the plot, that's weakness in their story telling. Fantasy is not science fiction, where the world around the characters exists to compel our minds about what could be possible. 

	Score: 69
		That's not true. Your problem with spells like accio having a mind of their own, for example, is explained as letting stray thoughts interfere with concentration on what you want to happen. Words *are* mental constructs - have you ever meant one word and said another? It's because somewhere in your mind, a wire got crossed. Maybe you were thinking of two different things, maybe you got distracted at the wrong moment, etc.  Also, we are told explicitly that wands are focusing points for power - the cores amplify magical energy and the woods help shape it. Magic is completely possible without wands - that's why young kids can make glass disappear from a snake tank. But they have little control over it, even those who grow up in Wizarding families - the wands provide a powerful focus and become a crucial part of the magic.  You are correct about some of the plot armor and MacGuffins that we see in the books, but the everyday acts of magic are actually extremely consistent. The rules aren't as explicitly drawn out as in other fantasy novels (and Eragon is actually a terrible example, as it's magic system is lifted - almost completely, from Eddings' Belgariad). But let's look at Eragon. We're told at the beginning that it's all about the *Will* and the Word. But Eragon later curses a child he means to bless because he conjugates a verb incorrectly - his *will* is entirely subverted by a slightly off word. So, the system morphs to be almost entirely dependent on language, and will has little role. Than, when Eragon goes for training with the Elves, we see yet more changes in the rules - up until then, the energy had to come entirely from Eragon or Saphira. Sure, it's a natural progression of a student to more complex magic and one that helps them not take on more than they can handle, but so are most of the things we see in Harry Potter.  Harry Potter becomes increasingly about the battle between Voldemort and Harry, and less about Hogwarts itself - as we can see from the increasing amount of time we spend away from Hogwarts. Thus, the exposition involved in explicitly spelling out rules and how they relate to previous rules makes less sense and feels more out of place - we essentially get enough info to deduce these things, but must do the work ourselves.  But you are correct that there are a lot of inconsistencies *in the universe*. Time Turners isn't too bad - we know that the Ministry keeps firm control over such powerful devices. Polyjuice Potion remains very consistent as well - we see it used throughout the books. But note the limitations! It must be drunk *every hour* or it quickly fades. As something that has very rare ingredients (Hogwarts is special because it has very good reason to have excellent stores), the Ministry may monitor the sale of certain powerful Potion components that make its use in the rest of the world more difficult.  Felix Felicious is perhaps the worst of the offenders. It's never mentioned more than in that one portion of the book. Sure, even Hermione has issues with it, but this seems trivial in the grand scheme of things. Any powerful wizard would *always* have a stock of this on hand - even with a short shelf life, he'd have one made ahead of an important venture. There'd be shops churning it out. It does have side effects - remember that when used frequently, it can have some very detrimental side effects. So Rowling attempts to control it, but only partially succeeds. But this isn't inconsistent with the rules of magic - just an anomaly in the Wizarding world.  But a lot of your issues can also be explained by the fact that the Ministry is almost wholly incompetent. They take the International Statute of Secrecy very seriously, yet the department that deals with Muggles is among the most underfunded (it has 2 people!) and a laughingstock. Individuals like Lucius and Dumbledore have incredible influence, able to change and skirt laws when convenient - giving a Time Turner to a 13 year old (*we* know Hermione is amazing, but the Ministry should never have agreed).  Fugitives are able to easily escape justice - Dumbledore, old Death Eaters, Sirius, etc. They register Animagi, except we know of at least 3 that never were - since the official list of Animagi is so small, I can't help but imagine the number of illegal ones around.  Justice is so easily manipulated - Harry is expelled due to breaking the Statute of Secrecy, despite only doing magic in front of a Muggle who clearly already knows that magic exists - his own family, and despite protecting his own life and that of the Muggle. To say nothing of the abhorrent practice of using dementors with so little control over them.

	Score: 65
		>Exceptional spell pronunciation and precise wand movement is explained to be essential for a spell to function at all, but then later we end up losing the pronunciation and wand movement entirely. Magic can just happen wordlessly and without a wand.  Magic can happen wordlessly and without a wand, but it's explained in the books that pronunciation and wand movement makes magic much easier to perform and control.  >There's essentially no limit to a magic users abilities once you figure out a spell for the first time. You could cast Avada Kedavra all day long.  Magic still requires skill and concentration. Harder spells require more from their users. For example, when one is casting a patronus they need to think of a happy memory, which is very difficult when you are surrounded by dementors.   >Magic detection is entirely inconsistent. They can use the "trace" to detect any magic from someone underage anywhere, but can't at all tell when someone in the middle of the Ministry of Magic in under a Polyjuice potion? What is this huge magic detection network that allows the "trace" to work? How is it not being used for other things?  The Trace appears to be Ministry implemented. With that in mind, we can see why wizards would want people who are underage to be kept track of, but people might be also not want the government keeping track of them. A trace-like network on adults could be considered a violation of civil liberties.  >Spells have a mind of their own, ala Accio and Crucio  Can you explain this, the effects of both spells seem fairly standard to me.  >Incredibly overpowered items like the Time-turner effectively break the universe  All of the incredibly powerful items in the universe also have their notable costs to them as well. The time turner isn't safe by any means. If you meet yourself in the past you would likely go insane. You would also be creating a new timeline every time you use it, and changes you make to the world could be completely unpredictable. Time travel seems to be a strict last resort option within the Harry Potter universe.

	Score: 62
		I'm not here to argue with you. I'm just hijacking the top comment (because I sort of agree with you) to tell you about HPMOR, or Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality.   It's a fanfiction rewrite of Harry Potter, with only a few major changes. The most important is that Harry is actually a complete genius even in his first year. He decides to explore the nature of magic from a scientific perspective to see how it really works. That's one o several plot points in the book.  It's fantastic, free, and highly recommended. Don't look it up on reddit because you will be spoiled. The plot is not straightforward or super predictable. 

	Score: 58
		Why are you using Eragon as an example then? Just because he explains the rules at the beginning doesn't mean he doesn't break them later or expand them, which he did in the last three books extensively.   One of the major criticisms of that entire series is how Paolini broke his system thoroughly, despite outlining it initially.   And just because Rowling never explicitly states in the books that the system of magic has certain rules and what they are doesn't mean they don't exist. Rather as a reader, you learn them and infer them as the books carry on... Just as the characters do. 

	Score: 53
		So a story about learning magic in school lays out its magic similarly to how we get taught mathematics in school? Seems like a pretty good narrative choice to me! 

	Score: 48
		[deleted]

	Score: 28
		Eragon is simply not consistent. It also plagiarized - including lifting an entire magic system from Eddings' Belgariad - a book made for adults.  If you want an example of something like HP, look at Lord of the Rings - magic is very loosely defined and serves mostly as a device for the narrative - the horses called up outside of Rivendell for instance. We know some is connected to the Rings, some to the Wizards, but random Elves sometimes seem to have supernatural powers too. It's very wishy washy. But the world is highly consistent. Your problem with HP isn't the the rules are inconsistent, it's that they aren't always *explicit*. It's extremely rare that we are told that something "can't be done" - in fact, the only thing I can think of is true resurrection. We aren't ever told that something can only be done one way, either.  You seem to prefer rigidly defined magic systems, which is great (you should read Wheel of Time and Brandon Sanderson's stuff). But a loosely defined system isn't necessarily inconsistent. If you can name a single rule of magic that is firmly established in HP but is later broken, please do.

	Score: 28
		> I think "Lily's Love" was just the explanation Dumbledore used before he knew Harry was a Horcrux. More of a "we don't know what happened so here's a guess" thing than definitely saying it's what happened.  No, Lily's love is 100% a thing and it is the magic that saved Harry. It doesn't break any rules at all. It's there from the beginning. In the first book, Dumbledore tells Harry that is is the reason why Quirrell couldn't touch him.  >**Harry**: "But why couldn't Quirrell touch me?"  > **Dumbledore**: "Your mother died to save you. If there is one thing Voldemort cannot understand, it is love. He didn't realize that love as powerful as your mother's for you leaves its own mark. Not a scar, no visible sign... to have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone, will give us some protection forever. It is in your very skin. Quirrell, full of hatred, greed, and ambition, sharing his soul with Voldemort, could not touch you for this reason. It was agony to touch a person marked by something so good."  After Voldemort rebuilt himself using Harry's blood in book four, he became sort of immune to Lily's love. So the Horcrux was indeed the reason Harry survived in book seven. But after Harry allowed Voldemort to kill him, sacrificing himself to save all of his friends in Hogwarts, he effectively cast the same protection spell in everyone.  > **Harry** "I was ready to die to stop you from hurting these people —"  > **Voldemort**: "But you did not!"  > **Harry**: "I meant to, and that's what did it. I've done what my mother did. They're protected from you. Haven't you noticed how none of the spells you put on them aren't binding? You can't torture them. You can't touch them."  The sacrificial protection is not a rulebreak at all. It's actually a major plot point from beginning to end.

	Score: 26
		It's explained that wands are focuses. Some focus better. Just like there's a difference between a high performance racing bike and a mountain bike. One is going to be better for top speeds while the other will be better at navigating treacherous situations.



CMV: Religion is a primitive concept that should no longer have a place in modern society
=======================================

	Score: 488
		> I think that religion is just a way for people to explain and cope with events such as death and natural disasters and to give their lives meaning as well as feel a part of something.  Honestly, what part of that is unimportant in this day and age? Processing grief, finding meaning and self-fulfillment, being part of a community--that's all fundamental to the human experience. People now have avenues besides religion to seek those things (therapy, instagram, whatever), but that doesn't render religion primitive. It's just the oldest way to provide those fundamental needs. I'm an atheist myself, but I'm extraordinarily jealous of my Jewish friends who have such a rich community and traditions and sense of belonging and meaning that comes from their religion. 

	Score: 382
		Let’s take a more sophisticated religious concept than naive adherence to dogmatic, moralizing scriptures: mystical experience. Do some quick googling to familiarize yourself with the idea, if you haven’t heard of it.   Imagine you meditate for years, and have profound, sublime experiences. You don’t “see god,” or “hear god’s voice,” rather, you intuitively feel and know certain truths with profound clarity. You see that the concepts of “self” and “other” can be relinquished, and what remains in their absence is an expansive sense of identity that encompasses all things. You see that love itself is entwined with this realization, and you become more compassionate than you could have ever imagined. Perhaps most importantly, you realize that suffering is not inevitable. You have discovered how to free yourself from its bonds. Some would say you’ve tasted enlightenment, or God.   Naturally, you want to share this realization with others so that they, too, might be free of suffering. You return to the world, and try to communicate your experiences and guide others towards them. Unfortunately, most people are still very entrenched in dualities that you no longer adhere to: good and bad, right and wrong, self and other, etc. To satisfy their minds, you give them some rules and frameworks to work with that play into these dualities, merely in the service of guiding them toward the wisdom you have.   Time passes, you die, and others carry on the framework that you created. Rituals arise, as do followers that confuse your instructions and guideposts with the Truth itself. They do not see the deeper, more sophisticated wisdom that underlies the framework you created. Soon enough, this framework has been nailed down, and it has become a religion. Few use it as a means to attaining great wisdom, but many use it to quell their fears of death and suffering. Sometimes, they use its power for their own, selfish ends.  In its original form, the religion you created was of great use to the world. It served as a set of guidelines for attaining true wisdom and happiness. However, it became bastardized, once there was no longer anyone who could contextualize it properly. It became a stale, arbitrary set of rules and beliefs that weren’t particularly helpful.   My argument, then, is that religion in the original form is very useful. If you’ve ever experienced something mystical, or even just an intense feeling of selfless love, you know how important and essential these profound experiences can be. It’s worth figuring out how to dive into these feelings even more deeply, as they seem to satisfy something essential within us. Religion of the second kind, however, is a generally useless endeavor that merely plays into humans’ tribal instincts, and thus creates intense rivalries. 

	Score: 274
		> why do people feel the need to take it to extreme levels.   Different question. Some philly fans vandalized their town just because a their dudes threw a ball better than some other dudes. Excessive enthusiasm for anything can result in being "too extreme." It isn't inherent to religion (or football, for that matter) and the vast majority of people who enjoy religion (and football) can partake without wrecking shit. Arguing about religious extremists in this CMV is like countering a reasonable claim about humanity with the example of a psychopath skinning children. That's not what we're talking about and not especially helpful to the conversation.   > people devote their lives to that shit. That's when it becomes unhealthy   Are you talking about monks and nuns? Priests? Because lots of people devote their lives to their profession and we don't call that primitive. Or just ordinary people who go to church and pray every night? If they manage to hold down a job, raise a family, have friends, give back to their community...how have they devoted their lives to religion to an unhealthy extent? I'm legitimately confused who you're talking about here.   > that is the majority in my experience  Anecdotal evidence isn't great as far as evidence goes. Especially since 1) you are going to have confirmation bias, 2) low-key religious people are low-key, so you might not even realize the extent of it, 3) plenty of religious people I know hide the fact since we live in a pretty lefty-enlightened-anti-religion environment and they don't want to be harassed over something they find personally very meaningful.   > There are infinitely better ways of dealing with these issues than religion.  Like what? What else helps you process grief, understand the world, gives meaning and structure to your life, and provides a supportive community all in one convenient package?   Religion provides profound reassurance, comfort, stability, and understanding about the human condition. Seeking that out isn't unhealthy. Providing it isn't unhealthy. People can sometimes use it in unhealthy ways or to justify what we would consider bad behavior, but that doesn't mean the entire concept is primitive. It still serves an important role for many people.   

	Score: 98
		I've had quite a few mystical experiences. You basically explained it perfectly with that second paragraph however instead of reaching this through more traditional means, I reached it through the use of psychedelics. I call everything god, god is in me, I am part of everything, everything is god.   I have been incredibly enlightened and do want to share this with others but I don't impose it on anyone, I don't even mention it unless conversation goes in that direction. I know you can reach that state without the use of drugs through meditation or praying but the difference is that I don't go to a religious sanctuary, I don't pray to a specific entity, I don't pretend to know how the world was created and I keep it to myself and feel this enlightenment every single day.   Your description of religion does sound very useful but like you said these days the idea of religion has been misconstrued so much that it is no longer a comprehensive guide for reaching enlightenment but a very specific set of rules to manipulate and confuse people and take them away from the true path. If religion was still in its original pure and true form of unconditional acceptance, love and unity I would not have a problem with it. How humans have interoperated these scriptures and meddled with them is the real issue.    I absolutely loved this reply, best one yet its really made me think ∆

	Score: 48
		You are right, it is part of the human experience but why do people feel the need to take it to extreme levels. There is hate of other religions and mandatory preying/going to church etc. That is the primitive part that I find very hard to understand. I get that religion can be a kind of coping mechanism but people devote their lives to that shit. That's when it becomes unhealthy and unfortunately that is the majority in my experience. I can't advocate that. There are infinitely better ways of dealing with these issues than religion. The mentality that religious groups use to pull people in such as 'You will be happy once you've found god' is just blatant manipulation and doesn't heal any underlying issues like therapy can.

	Score: 46
		Thanks for the delta! I think it's great that you're moderating your position a bit. People can definitely get too extreme about religion on both sides.   Just something to think about, re: your alternatives:   > Therapy, Science, Spirituality, Carefully choosing your friends  I have no issue with science, at all. I think even religious people should believe it. And friends are super important...though we don't always live near them or see them frequently or share certain core beliefs or activities with them, so the ways in which they can provide certain kinds of concrete community can be lacking. My best friends are all two time zones away--in a crisis, having a church group could be very nice support. And you can see my other comment on my views on the efficacy and legitimacy of therapy.   As for spirituality, I think that's more confusing than religion. Like what on earth are you professing to believe? Why? What good does it do you? I'd sooner give my life meaning through my work and charity and love for my family than by appropriating another culture's meditative practices, doing instagram-worthy beach yoga, keeping rock salt lamps in my house, and pretending I've found a more enlightened way to do bullshit than religion when at its core its the same unsubstantiated beliefs with less rules and charity and more commercialization and pop cachet.    But that's a CMV for a different time.  

	Score: 41
		Okay your first two points have swayed my view slightly ∆. You are right that people can partake in religion and not take it to the extreme, I was wrong. Now that I've thought about it I do actyally know some jewish people that choose to believe the parts of judaism that they seem reasonable and plausible and ignore the rest, I can respect that.  >I'm legitimately confused who you're talking about here.  Reading it back to myself so am I, devotion is too strong a word. I was referring to people who spend a good chunk of their lifes trying to convince others about their beliefs and convert them into their religion because it is 'gods will'. Also the kind of people that if they broke a rule they would legitimately be scared of being punished by their god.  >What else helps you process grief, understand the world, gives meaning and structure to your life, and provides a supportive community all in one convenient package?  Therapy, Science, Spirituality, Carefully choosing your friends. Nothing else does all those things in one convenient package like religion supposedly does but its like saying a iphone camera is better than a dslr because it has all these other features. I guess for some people it is easier and makes more sense to go with the iphone but if you are really wanting to get the best camera, best gaming experience, best voice recorder or the best way to process grief, understand the world and give meaning to your life you will take the time to find each of those individually. 

	Score: 40
		Religion, when not taken to extremes, can be one of many reasons that allow people to better themselves and give purpose to life. It is not necessary, and is incorrect if it gives credence to the supernatural, but can be useful.

	Score: 40
		Thanks! These thoughts came from my involvement with Zen Buddhism, which seems to be freer of the trappings of religion that most religions are. I agree that most religions today are impoverished, at best. 

	Score: 39
		I'm also an atheist, but I think  today is still perfectly natural for Religion to be as widespread as it is.  Though I agree with you in the sense that I think Institutionalized Religion is primitive in its ideas and needs to die off sometime (and I think It will), I also believe that when you say that "In this day and age religion needs to be considered a form of delusion" you're overestimating the quality of today's civlization -in a global level-.  Religion evolved naturally because it was the better system to please our most greater needs at the time, both intelectually and emotionally, and is still deeply ingrained in human culture. Furthermore, the knowledge that counters it in a powerful way is still very young, as the technologies that help its spread are. Internet doesn't even have 50 years by now, younglings are still being raised by people who themselves were raised without such easy access to secular knowledge of how reality works. 

	Score: 38
		However, don't let that blind you. Just because a group believes in good, doesn't always mean that all members of that docrine act in that way. Just look at the Buddhist persecution of Muslims in Myanmar. People can be both good and evil regardless of their belief systems

	Score: 35
		Spirituality is just a modern take on religion. You're splitting hairs with this distinction. They are both believing in fairy tales, just less complicated ones.

	Score: 31
		Say what you will about different faiths, but most of them are not "primitive".   Just about every religion has a massive body of jurisprudence, tradition, ritual, and narrative. It has things to do or say for nearly every occasion. Sure, we can glibly joke that Jesus never used an iPhone, but to a deeply pious Christian, the Bible (properly interpreted) has something to say about technology use and abuse.   In other words, religion serves as a framework for exploring "the deep questions". It links people to the past. It makes them feel less alone. It certainly isn't *just* a way to cope with disaster and death, as pious people incorporate faith into moments of profound joy as well. 

	Score: 28
		I've just changed my point of view from a stubborn one to a understanding one. I still do not condone it

	Score: 26
		Isn’t it possible then that, for some, spirituality could be Christianity? 

	Score: 22
		This, right here. I used to be Christian back when I was in middle school and high school, and I eventually became an atheist because I just couldn't believe in it anymore.   However,  I do absolutely feel a loss of community and traditions that left me feeling like I had a small space in the world to belong to, in a strong way. I can't really replicate that strong sense of community in other ways (and believe me when I say, I have tried). I can't go back to believing in it, because belief doesn't work that way.  I can't just fake it. That's why when I heard in the news a few years back that an atheist group wanted to create a "church" on Sundays, I thought it was a fantastic idea. People mocked it for being silly, as if not having to go to church on Sunday is the whole point of being atheist, but I immediately saw the value in that. 

	Score: 20
		Yeah Buddhism does seem to be the most wise,all encompassing and pure of all the religions. If I were to choose a religion it would definitely be Buddhism.

	Score: 18
		I get that humanity hasn't really had time to evolve religion to meet modern knowledge and I have noticed that only like 10 of the thousands of teens at my college believe in religion which is encouraging to me and in iceland no people under the age of 25 believe that god created the universe. We are definitely going in the right direction, slowly. Thanks for that explanation man It has changed my perspective. ∆

	Score: 18
		Religion is just spirituality+community combined with the single most powerful tool at humanities disposal for interacting with others and building bonds - telling stories.  It's weird that you would think religion is primitive, but advocate spirituality (which is a more limited, primitive version of religion) in its place.  You say spirituality is better because it's "open minded, not bound to any rules and free for all but still something people can share" but there are religions (like Unitarian Universalism) that embrace most of those things while still offering the benefit of community, shared traditions, and shared stories.

	Score: 17
		I can't. I could tell you answers all day but it wouldn't convey anything worth conveying. It's 100% experience. I've experienced God. I've felt him. I can't explain that experience, but I know it's there. It's like a scent only you can smell, and you can only smell it if you want to.



CMV: There's no reason why any American citizen should be allowed to own automatic or semiautomatic guns.
=======================================

	Score: 1607
		Hat tip u/ChefofFashion for finding this quote:  >Chief Judge Kozinski’s dissent opinion in Silveira v. Lockyer (2003, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit:  >"All too many of the other great tragedies of history — Stalin’s atrocities, the killing fields of Cambodia, the Holocaust, to name but a few — were perpetrated by armed troops against unarmed populations. Many could well have been avoided or mitigated, had the perpetrators known their intended victims were equipped with a rifle and twenty bullets apiece, as the Militia Act required here. See Kleinfeld Dissent at 578-579. If a few hundred Jewish fighters in the Warsaw Ghetto could hold off the Wehrmacht for almost a month with only a handful of weapons, six million Jews armed with rifles could not so easily have been herded into cattle cars. My excellent colleagues have forgotten these bitter lessons of history. The prospect of tyranny may not grab the headlines the way vivid stories of gun crime routinely do. But few saw the Third Reich coming until it was too late. The Second Amendment is a doomsday provision, one designed for those exceptionally rare circumstances where all other rights have failed — where the government refuses to stand for reelection and silences those who protest; where courts have lost the courage to oppose, or can find no one to enforce their decrees. However improbable these contingencies may seem today, facing them unprepared is a mistake a free people get to make only once."  This is why the right to own highly effective guns is important. Not for hunting, and not for sport, and not even for personal protection, but specifically for killing large numbers of people if that's what it comes down to. Everyone likes to respond with a sarcastic, "oh, so where are these death camps or tyranny that you're so afraid of," but they miss the point. If the Jews in the Weimar Republic could've predicted the Holocaust before it happened, then no Jews would've stayed in Germany. As we all know, though, they didn't see it coming. That's why 6 million Jews, and 5-6 million gypsies, blacks, gays, the disabled/infirm, dissidents, and others, didn't survive through the reign of Hitler.  Will it happen in our lifetimes? Probably not. But it WILL happen eventually. Maybe not in our lifetimes, or our childrens', but what about grandchildren? Their grandchildren? And beyond us, what about the rest of the world? Can you say with complete confidence that there will never EVER again be a genocidal maniac in power anywhere on Earth? The kinds of policy you're advocating are common across the world. Will NONE of the Eastern European countries embrace totalitarianism again? Will NONE of the South and Central American nations go tyrannical? Will there never ever again be a genocide like the 1990s massacre in Rwanda?  You can only be truly free if the population has the ability to tell it's government "no." The power to say no, and to enforce it, is the difference between a free population, and a population that is free at the convenience of their leaders. That's what millions of people across the world lost their lives proving. The Holocaust, the Holodomor, the Armenian genocide, the Rwanda genocide, the Khmer Rouge-led genocide...ALL of them required an unarmed population incapable of resistance. Unless you believe that no evil movement will ever happen ever again, at any point in history, you should support the right of the people to own all kinds of guns *specifically because* they can kill dozens of people per minute.  Edit: A lot of response. Instead of spamming the same response, I'll answer concerns that came up a lot.  >Regarding the power disparity between modern military and citizen with semi-automatic small arms:  Asymmetric warfare is possible. Just ask the North Vietnamese, the Afghanis, the Syrians, and Al Qaeda/the Taliban (the latter did it twice). A revolution wouldn't be fought in massive Revolutionary War or WW1 style battles, where two massive armies clash head to head. It would be fought like the way Al Qaeda or the NVA fought against us: small skirmishes and ambushes designed to do damage and run, seeking to destroy enemy morale and their populace's will to fight.   Also, this theory of potential warfare of a rebellion presumes that zero states secede and declare independence, forming a military of their own likely made up of defecting troops and equipment under their control (similar to how ISIS gained weaponry at first). In reality, rebel forces would have much the same weapons as the loyalist forces once the war actually got going. The peoples' small arms would be instrumental in getting the ball rolling, inspiring the first military/state leaders to defect.   >It wouldn't make a difference anyway, historically.  You're telling me that having 6 million armed Jews that all refused to go willingly wouldn't have changed anything? Seriously? That's a *massive* army. If we assume half are men, and half of those are fighting age, we're *still* talking 1.5 MILLION armed citizens. Not a whole lot, compared to what other nations had, but we aren't talking about a nation here. We're talking about a citizen revolt. We're talking about having to scrounge up enough men to fight a war on the Western front, fight a war on the eastern front, *and* fight constant skirmishes throughout the mainland and controlled territory as 1.5 million armed insurgents do their work. America shut down when a dozen or so dudes flew planes into buildings. Now imagine what Al Qaeda could've done with 1.5 million agents on American soil. That's basically what the Jews *could* have done, had they been armed.   I personally have a .270 hunting rifle and a 9mm handgun, with a total of around 40 rounds for the rifle and 200 for the handgun. That isn't unusual for gun owners. Had a quarter of the Jews had half of what I have, they would've had in the ballpark of as much ammunition as standard infantry had at the time. My point, basically, is that the Jews could have done some *major* damage had they been armed. The Polish and French resistances were extremely effective, and they didn't have that kind of man or firepower. The Polish resistance had a ton of high school kids, FFS. They stormed prisons to rescue POWs, they executed Nazi officials, and they constantly sowed fear into the Nazis by launching surprise attacks. The Nazis basically had to tie up tons of resources into subjugating the 500,000 Poles in the resistance. Triple that, and it's a genuine question as to whether that's manageable without leaving the whole army in Poland.  >But we have to do *something*.  What? If not total forfeiture of guns, then what is your solution? The reality is that freedom is a double-edged sword. There is no more safe place in the world than a padded isolation cell in a super max prison. Free food, constant security personnel presence, isolation from others who could harm you...and absolutely ZERO freedom. The most free place on earth is the middle of nowhere, where you can do whatever you want and there isn't a cop within 20 miles to write you a ticket for violating some random law. You can also be killed by some nutjob, or even an animal, and nobody will know, let alone be able to save you. Freedom is not free. There is a cost to society for the ability to choose how to live your life. IMO, the freedom to have the power to resist the government is more valuable than anything else I can imagine.   Something like 30,000 people die every year because people abuse vehicles. Maybe they drive recklessly, maybe they drank, maybe they are texting, or maybe they simply aren't good enough at driving to be on the road. Whatever the reason, 30,000 families have to bury children, fathers, and mothers who are killed as a result of cars. Should we ban the use of cars, and only allow people to have bicycles? Or, perhaps, the freedom to move across the country at virtually no risk and no cost in comparison to people just 100 years ago is so valuable that yes, it actually is worth the cost? It's all about how you weigh that. I value freedom and the independence of myself and my descendants more than the number of people killed by (arguably) "preventable" gun violence. When you get this issue wrong, the deaths go from being measured with four or five digits to being measured with one or two digits, followed by the word "million." IMO, it isn't remotely worth any potential short term gains when you consider the inevitable. Forever is a long time for things to go to hell.

	Score: 526
		Yeah this is it for me. As much as I'm still not fond of ordinary citizens having weapons, history does repeat itself and we may one day need them to protect ourselves and our rights. !delta well earned. 

	Score: 498
		Well, we are not a "needs based" society.  If we were no one would have metal knives because plastic cutlery can do what - according to one person on the internet says - knives are supposed to do.  ALL firearms are made to kill, and the 2nd amendment wasn't written because people liked to hunt.  When people decide, as you have, that "semi automatic" is the issue I must ask: what is the difference in being shot by a single shot rifle or a semi-auto?  If you are shot by a 12-gauge shotgun would it matter if it was a pump action or a semi-auto?  While I can understand the thinking behind "get rid of guns and you get rid of gun violence", there is no reason to suspect that getting rid of a type of gun will help at all.  I can just as easily say the problem is a complete lack of respect for human life, and that lack of respect is directly related to the removal of prayer from public schools.  I can't prove it but I can show a correlation in time and make the assertion eh?  Personally by the way I do think we as a society have lost sight of the value of human life and for some reason are capable now of not seeing our neighbor as another human traveling through time with us.  I have no idea what the solution is, but I think that is fundamentally why shoot-em-ups and run-em-downs are and have been on the up-tick for quite some time now.  To me that is the root issue that needs to be solved: why do we have people who see other people as ... things?

	Score: 379
		First, I'd like to preface this by saying that I'm a certified firearms instructor and a revolver enthusiast. I teach concealed carry courses, and I most frequently carry a revolver myself. I feel pretty confident in my revolver to protect my life *in many situations.*  But my bedside gun is a semi-automatic pistol with a 15 round magazine.  Your view on effective self-defense with firearms is somewhat typical of people with little to no training with firearms or self-defense, kind of like Joe Biden's "just get a shotgun" moment. I'm not saying that to insult you or anything. There are tons of things that I don't know much about. The thing is, I'm not advocating for policies that would restrict anyone's rights to anything I'm not an expert on.   As you say, a revolver has an inherently limited capacity and a much slower reload speed. While this would potentially handicap a mass shooter's efforts, it would more significantly handicap civilian self-defense. Most mass shooters have a decent amount of time to do their crime to the point where slower reloads wouldn't be a huge deal. Think of school shooters that prowl around looking for more people to shoot, etc. In many mass shootings, the killer shoots himself long before he is confronted by law enforcement, and he usually leaves a whole lot of ammo unfired (they always seem to find hundreds of more rounds somewhere that the shooter brought).   But in a home defense (or even a concealed carry) scenario, having more than 5-8 rounds available (which is the range of available capacities in revolvers chambered for adequate self-defense cartridges) can be critical. One important thing that many do not understand is that there is a HUGE difference between killing people and stopping a threat. A single gunshot wound may kill someone, but it may be hours later in the hospital. Very often, people can be shot multiple times, especially with handguns, and still be 100% capable of fighting. I could go on for a long time about wound ballistics, but that's beyond the scope of my point. When a mass shooter is shooting unarmed people, the goals are a lot different than in self-defense. It doesn't matter to the mass shooter if the target dies instantly or dies days later after surgery. But if you're defending yourself, this is absolutely critical. Proper self-defense tactics call for putting multiple shots on the same target, and even that may not be enough to stop them.  If you are defending yourself lawfully, then by definition the person you are shooting is a credible threat to your safety. Generally, this is because he is armed himself, with a gun or other weapon. Maybe he could just beat you to death with brute strength. So you need to be able (or at least as able as possible) to stop this threat before you are killed. It isn't a matter of *if* he dies, but *when* he stops. Sometimes a person can be shot 15 or more times and still be in the fight. Watch some police videos. The only guarantee of a stop from handgun wounds is if the shot hits the central nervous system. If you empty your revolver into someone and all your shots hit him straight in the heart, he may still live for up to 15 seconds before blood loss incapacitates him (this is about how long it takes to die from execution by firing squad). In those 15 seconds, he can shoot/stab/whatever you to death. Sure, you killed him, but he killed you back. So a 6 shot revolver doesn't mean you can defend yourself against 6 people, even if you are a great shot. Most of the time when a handgun stops a threat, it is a psychological stop. That means that the attacker isn't incapacitated, but rather decides that he no longer wishes to keep attacking you. He doesn't want to get shot more, not that the shots "took him out." Having more ammo available in your gun helps with this, because he knows you could continue to shoot him more.  Then you also need to take into account things like imperfect accuracy and multiple attackers. If someone is busting into your house in the dead of night, even the most accomplished shooter isn't going to get good hits with every shot. Even in a broad daylight situation, it is not like shooting immobile paper at the range. They are moving. You are moving. There are barriers. Adrenaline is pumping.   A revolver can be a fine defensive firearm, but even for a true fan of them like me, I have to recognize the limitations. A revolver is plenty for plenty of possible scenarios, but pretty inadequate for many others. A revolver only really has enough ammo to handle a threat from a single attacker, or maybe a very small group if they aren't highly motivated in their attack or lightly armed. Home invasions are on the rise relative to other types of crime, and these are often done by groups of armed people. I carry a small revolver every day because I like the gun and it is easy to carry, but I recognize that if I am attacked by more than two people I've got really shit odds. I balance the utility of the gun against the carryability. That's why my home defense gun is a full-size semi-automatic pistol, because the extra size and weight is not a problem.  There are also other problems with revolvers that you may not be aware of. They are much harder to shoot well than semi-automatic pistols. The double-action trigger pull is long and heavy, which makes accurate shots more difficult unless you have had a lot of practice. Most newer shooters shoot much better with semi-automatics, and it is possible to both be competent and safe enough with guns to use them for self-defense while not being competent enough to shoot a double-action revolver well enough for self-defense.  Revolvers also have more recoil than semi-automatics, just by their mechanical nature, all other things being equal. The cycling of the action on a semi-automatic absorbs some of the recoil impulse. This can mean that they are even more difficult to shoot for weaker and/or less experienced shooters as well.   And now to address long guns. You might be surprised to know that most experts in the field consider the AR-15 to be the best long gun for home-defense purposes. The conventional wisdom of the shotgun is a bit outdated. First of all, most shotguns are limited in the same way as revolvers are (having tubular magazines that hold generally 5-8 rounds). So while a 12 gauge buckshot blast might be better at stopping a threat than a single revolver round, you still have to hit your target and you are still very limited in total shots. And shotguns DO have to be aimed. The room-clearing spread is an absolute myth.   The other thing is that the ammunition fired by an AR-15 (a high-velocity, low-weight projectile) is among those *least* likely to cause collateral damage. Shotgun (and even handgun) rounds generally penetrate more walls and stay truer in flight after hitting barriers than the .223/5.56 rounds that the AR fires. Also, an AR-15 is very easy to shoot accurately, meaning fewer misses (and less collateral damage).  An AR-15 is also extremely easy to use and use well. The recoil is minimal and the gun is relatively light. You have 30 rounds on tap between reloads. It is highly accurate. There are a variety of useful attachments like lights and red-dot sights to make them very effective for home defense even in the hands of a relatively inexperienced shooter.   And to circle back to the mass shooters, restrictions on what guns they could have, even if they could be effective (they are not likely to be), would likely just cause a change in tactics. A bolt-action hunting rifle is just a sniper rifle with a different name (many military sniper rifles have basically been the same models as popular hunting rifles with a few changes). A sniper can do just as much damage by firing on people from a hidden location as a spray-and-pray massacre shooter can, just using different tactics. Or they could just rent a big ass truck. The Nice truck attack was deadlier than any shooting ever.   EDIT: As is custom, thank you for the gold, kind stranger! It makes typing long replies that go mostly unseen when I should be working totally worth it!

	Score: 279
		With the exception of countries like Australia, the UK, and Ireland, most western countries allow semi-automatic firearms.  You can own an own an AR15 here in Sweden, in Norway, Finland, Germany, Switzerland, the Czech Republic, New Zealand, etc.  It's just a bit harder to get (varies quite a bit depending on country - in Switzerland getting one is easier than in several US states).  If you ban semi-automatic firearms in the US, not only do you ban the most common type of firearms there, you also make it more restricted than in many other countries.  If you want to ever be able to have any kind of gun control in the US, you need to focus less on _what_ people can own, and more on _who_ can own guns. 

	Score: 223
		I disagree. It makes a huge difference if the state just has to send two regular cops to pick you up or a squad team. The latter is just way less feasible across large populations. Not to mention the fact that people would be much more aware of what's happening and the government forces being much more reluctant to commit such atrocities if their life is in danger in the process. 

	Score: 172
		Do you know why all those examples of genocide are irrelevant? Because those genocides and despotic governments were mainly perpetrated with guns. So if normal people had guns, they could put up a decent fight against others with guns.   Today, if a government in a developed country like the U.S. wanted to oppress its people in an extreme way, your average Joe with a rifle wouldn't stand a chance. The government has the most advanced military technology in the world. We're talking radar, satellites, GPS tracking, automatic rifles, DRONES, armored vehicles and more.   Considering the downsides to gun ownership as evidenced by the endless string of mass shootings in the U.S., it doesn't make sense to continue to allow ownership of semiautomatic weapons because if the government wants to commit a genocide using sheer force, they'll win. Sure, average Joe may clip a few soldiers on their way to the grave, and that town in Texas may hold out for an extra few days, but guns won't cut it in 2017 and especially beyond. 

	Score: 162
		> My view is that by not allowing guns which allow rapid fire, we can minimize damage done to citizens.   That's where I feel this argument loses steam.     If you wanted to minimize the damage done to everyday citizens you'd ban handguns (because handguns responsible for more deaths then automatic weapons by a pretty large margin).    If you meant protecting the average citizen from a crazy person running amok, you'd still be looking at banning knives, bombs and cars before you'd be able to point to guns as the next closest thing responsible.    The problem isn't guns. Lots of countries have guns. Lots of countries have gun laws on the books. Maybe the argument should be more critical of the media portrayal of mass shooters? Maybe a discussion should be had about mental health and poverty?    Massive murder sprees are a symptom of guns in America, not the cause. 

	Score: 147
		Do you understand what "semiautomatic" means?  Because I've noticed that most people who oppose semiautomatic weapons do not. It means when you pull the trigger, a round is fired and the next round is chambered. This includes 99% of handguns in the US. Revolvers essentially do the same thing, just in a different way, so they are not classified as semiautomatic. 

	Score: 135
		If I knew the answer to that, you wouldn't have to ask. I'd have put it somewhere in my comment.   First, I think calling them mass shootings is misleading when it comes to "what we should do." I think all mass attacks should be lumped together, maybe distinguished by their motive. If that is even relevant. I'm not sure. I don't think there is anything special *causally* that causes someone to choose to pick up a gun to commit an atrocity, I just think that this is the, for lack of a better term, *popular* method right now. Making a bomb isn't hard, as has been done many times before, and driving a truck into a crowd is even easier than a shooting attack. Tragically, I think we may start seeing more of that style of attack, as they have proven easy and effective a couple of times now. So *access* to the means of mass killing is really not the problem here, as there is really nothing that can stop that. There are attacks in Europe with bombs and trucks and even guns. We have more gun attacks because we have more guns, sure, but having fewer guns might mean fewer *gun* attacks, but that is not the same thing as having *fewer attacks.* Hell, I'd probably rather be shot than blown up or run over. Even if you banned guns and bombs and trucks, who knows what other means would be utilized (or invented) next.   I also don't think that the pro gun side of the argument has any great answers either, by the way. I'm all for concealed carry, but I don't think more armed good guys would make a huge difference, either. It might stop a few attacks, or maybe make them less deadly. But anti-gun people say "well magazine capacity restrictions *might* make a few attacks less deadly." I think that's cold comfort, and you can never really know how much "more deadly" an attack would be if things had been different. You can only guess. These things have *apparent* frequency, but nothing even close to anything where meaningful statistics could be derived. Attacks like the one in Vegas indicate that, even if an increase in armed citizens was effective, a simple change in tactics could significantly limit that effectiveness. So while I think everyone should have the right to carry a gun for their self-defense, think self-defense is justification enough for concealed carry. I don't think stopping mass shootings should be the flagship justification for it, as it isn't particularly realistic and waters down the more practical justifications.   I just don't see how we can stop mass attacks by attacking the means, either by making it harder to get guns or by making it harder to pull of attacks due to the presence of *more* guns. Even if it worked either way, you could never prove it. If there are fewer guns, or guns hold less ammo, there will never be a way to measure if that had an effect due to the small numbers involved. Maybe they shot fewer people. But if someone breaks the Vegas shooter's record with a hunting rifle, would it have been worse with an AR-15? Who knows? If 10x as many people start carrying concealed, the same would be true. If attacks were stopped, there is no way to know if they would have been more deadly or not. Even if they are stopped before they started, there would be no way to know if they would have been very deadly in the first place. So that only leaves us to ponder the *why* instead of the *how.*  And I have no idea why. Why do these things seem to be happening more now? It isn't the guns - guns have been around for a long time. The first question is "are they happening more now?" The answer to that is both "yes" and "maybe." In raw numbers, indiscriminate shootings have increased in frequency. But these raw numbers are so small that you can't actually make any real statistical judgments. Maybe the rate is similar, but we've just got more people now. If I roll a one on a die five times in a row, that seems significant. But if you roll that same die a million times, you're going to get an even distribution of all the numbers on it.   But numbers aside, lets just assume for the sake of argument that they *are* more frequent. Why? I honestly have no idea. Everyone always says "mental health!" but while we can "all agree" that "better mental health" is a good thing, I haven't heard a compelling argument as to how and why that would really help. Lots of these guys have no pre-attack indicators that anyone around them noticed. And the ones that do are not so obvious that it would definitely have made a difference. I am also very concerned about the "mental health" bandwagon that the pro-gun people are all too happy to jump on, as it can easily be used as a justification to curtail your rights. If they made, say, treatment for depression a hurdle to buying a gun, that would not be very fair. I would personally also *forego* such treatment if I knew I would be sacrificing a significant civil liberty (losing my guns would make me more depressed). Taking rights away from people who seek treatment is likely to have a chilling effect on them seeking such treatment. Or at least it will further stigmatize mental health treatment, which we don't want to do. You already can't get a gun if you have been "adjudicated as mentally defective," and I wouldn't want to extend this too far from that, as taking away rights without due process is scary.   Also, on the flip side of mental health, it seems like [nearly every mass attacker was on or had taken certain psychotropic drugs](https://www.ammoland.com/2013/04/every-mass-shooting-in-the-last-20-years-shares-psychotropic-drugs/#axzz4xgvTluxB). These drugs are given to people *for* mental health, but can apparently be linked to aggressive behavior. Is that link causal? I have no idea. Again, the numbers are much too small, and who knows how much the underlying mental issue that the medicine is *for* has to do with the attacks. And even if the drugs are causally linked, TONS of people take these drugs and DON'T kill anyone. I'm sure many people feel these drugs are a great help. So how do you measure the social good of a drug against the potential harm? There is no way to say how many people helped is equal to how many people killed.   Similarly, there is also no way to measure the value of guns (self-defense use, enjoyment, freedom, etc.) against the harm committed with them. So much about *everything* hinges on these value judgments. To someone who does not own guns and has no interest in guns, banning them all is an easy thing to advocate for. It costs them nothing. To that person, "if it saves only one life" is a great argument. However, to someone who truly values the right to bear arms, and who believes that they are an effective means of self-defense, that argument holds little weight. It sounds kind of like the way it does when a group of old men debate abortion and birth control.   The only other thing that I can even think of is that there is something wrong with our culture, but I don't have any idea what it might be. Our culture seems fine to me. I don't think it is "violent video games" or anything. We seem to be getting less violent overall as a culture. Crime rates have been going down. Maybe the social media age skews people's relationship to attention in a bad way. Maybe it is a combination of feeling both completely exposed and totally isolated. Maybe the "Facebook effect" is partially to blame (seeing only the best of everyone else's life while dealing with the worst in your own). I really have no idea. I want everyone to be peaceful and to love each other. I want my gun to never be used. I love guns, but would love if no one was shot ever again. That's a fantasy, but if we work toward it, that's something. I just don't think that getting rid of guns would fix it.   The last thing is the media response. I love to blame the sensationalism as much as the next guy, but I'm not sure how much causation you can attribute to it. It does seem to be creating a bit of a "high score" or "world record" system for these attacks, but it isn't like that alone is inspiring otherwise peaceful people to see how much damage *they* could do.  So in short, I don't think there is anything that we can do. This kind of thing can always happen no matter what, and is really not that frequent. It just looks that way because of how terrible it is. I for one am not willing to start giving up rights on the *off chance* that it will have some immeasurable effect on what is ultimately a very small risk of death. There are tons of things that kill MANY more people, with much easier and clearer solutions to prevent such deaths. But we don't do it because the deaths don't make good or exciting news coverage. 5x as many children drown in pools and tubs than are killed in gun accidents, but which one has more attention been paid to?

	Score: 120
		I think it's also important to point out something important about who wrote the Constitution and why they included the Second Amendment. Keep in mind they were born British and died American, the lessons they learned in their lifetime of fighting tyranny and creating a free Nation of Free People is what forged the Bill of Rights. None of us will live long enough to learn every lesson so we should learn from the lessons of others. Thankfully their Memoirs and correspondence are well-documented on how the founders felt about subjects of tyranny, resistance and revolution.

	Score: 111
		You do know almost EVERY gun is either automatic or semiautomatic, right? Or are you saying we should only have bolt action rifles and pump shotguns?

	Score: 100
		Okay so that sounds like a change of view, but you're in the exact same situation.  A wheelgun (revolver) can fire as fast as a semi-automatic pistol.  So now you have to come up with a definition of what this new "rapid fire" term means eh?  And still this does not address the problem you're trying to address.  Mass shootings are considerably newer than the range of weapons people had available.  If the fire rate of weapons has always been high (and in fact used to be considerably higher) and these weapons were somehow the cause of the issue then there would have always been mass shootings.  The fact that we haven't clearly tells us the firearms are not the problem.  It'd be like banning automobiles that can go over 25MPH as a solution to drunk drivers killing people.  Even if it might work it is simply wrong.

	Score: 100
		The American people will create an insurgency on a scale never seen before in history, you thought the taliban was bad, try several million more members, more local support, more foreign funding, more understanding of enemies, friendly neighbours to operate in, The US military will implode fighting that kind of war, and they would never win, the people won’t win decisive battles in the field no, but they don’t need to

	Score: 96
		> This is meant to be a compromise between allowing all forms of weapons and completely banning all forms of weapons.  We've already made that compromise, several times over.  I can't buy a rocket launcher.   What you are losing sight of is:  1. The 2A is not about hunting, or home defence... it's about the ability of the people to defend themselves from a tyrannical government.  2. This shooter possessed his rifle in violation of existing gun laws... how will more gun laws change anything?  Plus, this shooting was stopped by a "Good Guy with a Gun"... more gun laws may have prevented him from having the ability to stop this.

	Score: 89
		I agree, there is absolutely no difference between shooting someone with a shotgun rather than an automatic rifle. I feel I should have clarified in the original post. My view is that by not allowing guns which allow rapid fire, we can minimize damage done to citizens. I know that gun violence will never cease. This is meant to be a compromise between allowing all forms of weapons and completely banning all forms of weapons. If perpetrators of violence were restricted to a much smaller scope of damage they could perform, it could save lives and police could apprehend them easier.

	Score: 81
		> This is meant to be a compromise between allowing all forms of weapons and completely banning all forms of weapons.  This is a logical fallacy: Appeal to Desperation. "Something has to be done about mass murderers, and so here's something to do."  The problem with your compromise is that placing more regulations on legal gun ownership does nothing to address the actual causes of the violence.  To reiterate:  *We keep making the good guys jump through more and more hoops, but it's doing absolutely nothing to curtail the bad guys!*  

	Score: 78
		Slight follow up:  If the only two groups of people with guns are the police and criminals, that gives the police even more power over the people.

	Score: 73
		It is common in discussions like this to pull out the "why not ban cars and knives" equivalency (FYI I'm pretty sure bombs are already illegal, presumably you meant their ingredients, in which case the following still applies), but it seems clearly false, especially in the context of this thread.   The OP was specifically referring to guns which were designed to maximise the amount of lethal damage which can be inflicted in a short space of time, and that includes semi-automatic handguns which can deliver ~12 rounds within seconds. That is the sole purpose for these guns being designed. That is simply not the case for cars and knives which are perverted from their intended use into weapons by evil people. Guns are simply not comparable to the other objects which are used to take life.   >Massive murder sprees are a symptom of guns in America  Yep, I agree. Guns are spread to an astonishing degree across America, more so than in any comparably advanced nation. A symptom of that truism is massive murder sprees. 

	Score: 72
		The biggest concern is NOT hunting/self-defense. It is that possession and use (aka bearing) of “arms” (weaponry of common use) is specifically Protected.  The Framers realized that any Right which was not EXPLICITLY protected would be whittled away by Government Power (Law).  The 2a is a Civil Right just like the 1a etc. it must be Protected for the same reasons. Government cannot be trusted. Organizations are neither good nor bad, they simply have strong or weak oversight. The Constitution is our Oversight which is enforced by our Branches.  



CMV: Organ donation should be "opt out", not "opt in", in the U.S
=======================================

	Score: 249
		As far as I understand the situation, it doesn't really make much of a difference either way. Once you are dead, your family gets the final say anyway. So the opt-in or opt-out default has little impact on what actually happens in the end. What limits the donation is viable dead people much more than consent.  See [this earlier comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2blwfj/rate_of_organ_donorship_in_countries_with_optin/cj6powh/), dispite consent being wastely different, actual organs donations are essentially the same:  | Country   | Consent Rate  | Per-Million Donor Rate | |:-----------|------------:|------------:| | Denmark|4.25%|31| | Austria|99.98%|30.5| 

	Score: 228
		[deleted]

	Score: 98
		I honestly agree with you pretty wholeheartedly but I can see one (mostly) rational argument that gives me pause: *NOTE: Forgive the massive generalizations I am about to make but I think they are both reasonable and warranted*  ___________________________________________________  **There are many people who would object to organ collection due to religious concerns/concerns over the 'sanctity' of their body after death.**  **I think it is reasonable to assume that many people who would object to organ harvesting on these grounds are insulated from understanding the law due to language barriers and educational barriers.** *(yes, I am correlating this kind of religiosity with relatively recent immigrant families and lesser education/poverty, I mean this as a correlation ONLY and am not saying that their religious tendencies are caused by lack of education etc.)*    Under a system like this, citizenship=organ donor unless otherwise specified. **This means that we are relying on adequate information being given to all citizens or we are at risk of IMPLICITLY violating these peoples right to choose.**   The logistics of making an opt out system account for the above problem seems like a real headache and opens the door to a million and one problems that legislators may not be willing to sign up for.   Currently we opt in via our drivers licence but many people who do not natively speak english or are poor/less educated are less likely to aquire a drivers license. **So how do we give people the opportunity to opt out? and how much effort is 'enough' to ensure the maximum number of people are well informed about the subject?**  

	Score: 75
		!Delta  I never thought about it this way.  It makes a lot of sense that the family ultimately has the final say. Is there literally no reason for countries to have an opt out program, or are there other possible benefits?

	Score: 71
		∆  Not OP, but a massive supporter of the opt-out system. I dug around in your links a little bit, and am honestly shocked to see how little difference it makes. I'm not even close to reversing my opinion on it, but you have certainly broken the number one reason for it.

	Score: 66
		But others are still doing *something* with your body. Why is burning or burying fine without your consent, but donating your organs isn't?

	Score: 66
		> It makes a lot of sense that the family ultimately has the final say.  I never understood why this is the norm. The exception could be a family member has first option in an organ donation for themselves I guess.  If an adult makes an adult decision regarding something like this, why does the family have the legal right to over-ride the deceased's wishes?

	Score: 54
		There's a very serious problem with being an organ donor that I've witnessed first hand. Ten years ago my best friends brother was in a really bad motorcycle accident. My buddy is Korean and the spokesman for his family. The doctors told him that his brother probably wouldn't survive. He was in a coma, back broken, leg and arm broken it was really bad.   The doctors kept saying look he will never be the same, even if he wakes up he will likely have brain damage, might not ever even walk. They urged him to pull the plug and have his family agree to donate his organs. But my buddy just couldn't do it, he refused. Long story short, 100% full recovery mentally and physically.   The problem is when a doctor knows that someone is in severe trouble but that their organs might save 2 or 3 people on lists right away who are going to die. The idea of fighting a months long battle to get the person to recover, who may never recover at all - looks far less appealing than saving lives today. Sometimes they're right, the person is a vegetable and their organs can save people. And in some cases like mine, they're wrong.   The problem with your suggestion is that anything 'on' by default is neglected by those who don't really want it on. So many people who would have never wanted to be organ donors would be through ignorance.   TLDR: if you want the best chance of being saved in critical care, make sure you're not an organ donor.   

	Score: 42
		[deleted]

	Score: 33
		It would be as simple as changing the wording the drivers license question (or whatever other form).  Would you like to donate you organs (If you don't answer yes is assumed)?  Yes [ ] No [ ]  There are a ton of places that are similar in a statistical sense where the only real difference is the phrasing of this question. Opt in places have like 10% to 20% donation rates and Opt out places have like 80% to 90% donation rates. No extra pressure, no advertising campaigns, no infringing on religious rights... just wording.  It seems like an obvious and cheap solution to a potentially expensive problem.

	Score: 33
		[deleted]

	Score: 32
		Doctors have no knowledge of whether or not you are an organ donor when they are treating you. They don't have access to the organ donor registry, and they certainly don't ask.  I don't know when or where this happened, but normally if a doctor thought that someone was going to not recover and was brain dead, then they would encourage the family to let them go regardless of organ donation status - they would just also encourage an organ donation for if they choose that, since organ transplants are desperately needed. If your friends brother had been an organ donor nothing about the scenario that you've described would have changed.  The doctors would still have asked your friend if he wanted to disconnect him, and when he said no they wouldn't have.  That sounds like an incredible recover, and I am very happy for all of you. But please don't let these misconceptions stop you from doing something as important as being an organ donor. 

	Score: 31
		The family does not have unlimited power in this decision. They cannot refuse to have your organs donated if you have already signed up to be a donor. If you are not a donor, the doctors ask them if you have ever expressed interest in donating. There is some more info about it [here](http://www.beadonor.org/donation-facts/donation-overview/donation-faqs):

	Score: 28
		> In the majority of those cases, when the person was alive they expressed via a will that they wished to be cremated or buried or be thrown in the trash  Come on. OP doesn't quite say how the opt-out would work, but I assume that under any reasonable opt-out policy, a will explicitly stating that something other than donating the organs should be done with the body after death would constitute an opt-out.  I mean, I agree opting-out should be *easy*, but I don't see the problem with an opt-out policy if it is.

	Score: 27
		Ideally, this seems like a fantastic idea. However, dead bodies rarely exist in a utilitarian vacuum. We need to consider ethical implications too.  People are weirdly sensitive of their own body parts (yes, even after death). I myself wouldn't mind getting dissected, but it's not for me to judge what people want to be done with their body. A democratic society enshrines our right to do what we want with things we own -- where and how it goes. Assuming a dying person wants his body to be cremated, if he has prepared the resources to do so, the state should respect his decisions.  That's not to say people want to keep the integrity of their bodies our of pure whimsy. Some religions believe that a dead person should be physically complete going to heaven. I think Islam is one that shares this belief. Additionally, dead bodies serve as a gateway to grief and closure for families. Dissecting a body without the grieving family's permission maybe devastating for them.  The *opt out* system you proposed kind of takes all of these issues of consent into a neat little bow, but it's very problematic. Operationally, this is red tape on a supposedly automatic right. I know we get taxed for things we own like houses, but those are fines for being able to afford a new right that the state would protect. Contrary to this, your body has already been paid for, in a way, with taxes that paid for your medical care, welfare, quality of life, etc. Meaning, you are the sole owner of your body and it's unfair for the state to place an operational barrier on it on top of the ones it has already placed. It's a simple thing to say "well, he can opt out of it anyway. Just go to the nearest government registry" or some such. In an ideal world this will work, but people rarely think about their bodies till their near the end of their lives. Some people die accidentally before being able to consider it. The addition of a process ensures that a lot of people will not have access to a right they deserve. 

	Score: 27
		Seems a bit backwards that your family can overwrite your wish to donate.

	Score: 24
		I'm courious: why do you think this makes sense? IMO the person who died is the only one who should be able to make this decision. If the dead person's opinion isn't known the family may decide or whatever, but if the person explicitly stated one or the other it shouldn't be changeable.

	Score: 23
		> An opt-out policy implies that unless, explicitly stated otherwise, the government has the power to make decisions about your body.  But if you die without having expressed what you want done with your body, *something* has to be done with it anyway. *Somebody* has to decide what to do with it. Why is it OK for that default decision to be to bury or cremate it but not to donate it?

	Score: 20
		They were telling him he's likely brain dead.   They were telling him he will never be the same.   They were telling him to take him off life support.   They were telling him to agree to donating organs.   Take what you want from that, and down vote sources all you want. Lots of ideas sound great under ideal circumstances, unfortunately - humans. 

	Score: 19
		A middle ground would be neither opt-out nor opt-in, but made to choose one way or the other, when getting a driver's license. The application would not be accepted until the box is checked one way or the other.



CMV: The Walking Dead isn't that good.
=======================================

	Score: 325
		A little late to the party but I'll take a different approach.   The Walking Dead was groundbreaking for the Asian American community because they got a TV role model for once.   Asian males have little to look up to in their childhoods, as Hollywood often portrays them as not masculine, cowardly, Nerdy, or unattractive. They either hope to see Dana from the Goonies or Bruce Lee with little in between. What we see mostly on TV is a one dimensional stereotype, which has harmful effects on the development of Asian American youth.   Enter Glenn. Watching the show, a lot people who hadn't read the source material probably expected Glenn to be a scientist or a cowardly engineer, all brains little courage right off the bat... Nope, he delivered pizzas before the zombies and arc after arc he's brave and puts his neck out on the line for his friends. He has a strong moral compass and is "good" when Rick fails to be. When have you seen every character "Nope" out of a situation and the Asian guy steps up and says "I'll do it" and isn't killed off instantly? Glenn did that season after season (until they actually had to Negan him...we all knew it was coming, but it doesn't mean it still didn't hurt). He also gets the HOT GIRL, who loves him and its a solid, beautiful relationship. That's never happened!   I can't think of a single time that the Asian guy is a normal character with his own story, a genuinely good, brave guy, and gets the hot girl.   Casting for Asian actors is still a huge problem with the prevailing unwillingness of casting departments to give Asians a role outside of stereotypes. I saw an interview (from I think Aziz) who said that Steven Yeun   was auditioning for small roles that an actor of his caliber should definitely not have to..  While the Walking Dead has its shortcomings, it was groundbreaking for a community of people and gave hope to a lot of Asian Americans that we can start seeing our own stories represented. It helped start a conversation about more representation and gave people a lot of hope and joy every week just seeing Glenn.   That, in itself, has a ton of value. It was insanely "good" for us.       

	Score: 241
		I think you need to define your benchmark for 'good'.  This is so gray that you can easily refute anyone trying to argue a certain benchmark.  Specifically, having a few quality episodes could mean that someone finds it 'good' and watches a lot of filler for the next quality episode.  Since you've already said that there are terrific episodes, it makes this CMV a lot of semantics.  My recommendation would be to list exactly what you think makes a good show (i.e. "The acting is above other TV shows in the same genre") and go from there.

	Score: 236
		[removed]

	Score: 171
		Well, what the show succeeded with Asians, it failed horribly with black people, who are extremely stereotyped except for Noah. Look at T-dog, just look at that fucking name.     **T-dog.**      But I won't counterargue that, it's not enough to make me enjoy the show but representation of minorities, racial or not, is always appreciated. I'm new to this place, am I supposed to give you a Delta now? Because despite raising a good point, that didn't change my view.     

	Score: 57
		Good point. I reffer to the overall experience of watching the show, if despite a few episodes being great, most are lacking, the general experience is lacking. Despite this, I still watch the filler for the good episodes because I have nothing else to do with my life.     The most important feature on fiction is charisma. If you have captivating and likeable characters and a original style of doing things, the entire thing can be horribly-written and people will still love your show. Pulp Fiction is a great example of a movie with charisma, does a guy reading the Bible before brutally murdering someone makes sense? No? Who cares, it's fucking cool!     TWD is not that good in that feature, I'm not very drawn to most characters, even the protagonists. 

	Score: 55
		Nop, that's pretty much what I said but less offensive. 

	Score: 54
		I definitely agree with your point about T-dog. I still thought it was awesome that they made Michonne the samurai. Although her character was a pretty one dimensional, (just plain badass) it was cool seeing that. I also liked how they made the character with (possibly) best combat stats a woman. I think everyone's fantasy apocalypse team would have Michonne in it. She entered the scene with the two most important men in her life as zombies that she shackled to her as camouflage! That was a pretty impactful scene.   I'd appreciate the delta if it was deserved. I think there's a character limit and you have to write a little more than just a delta in a comment reply, but it would be much appreciated.  

	Score: 50
		in 1997, the band "sugar ray" released an album called "Floored".  In a stroke of genius, they put their song, "fly", from that album out as a single, and attracted the attention of a lot of new fans. It was groovy, catchy, slow, wholesome, and radio friendly.  The fans they attracted were not the type of listeners who would have appreciated sugar ray's older stuff, or even the rest of the dozen tracks on "Floored" itself. Just contrast "fly" with "speed home california" and you'll see what I mean.  Sugar ray used "fly" to sell pop-heads, softer alt-rock listeners, and R&B listeners something that is, ostensibly, a metal album.  The response was so powerful, that it shaped the sound of their future albums. Many will say that they are sellouts. I say they are fucking NINJAS of music.  How does this relate to the walking dead?  The walking dead is AMC's "Floored". It used zombies (Fly) to sell horror/apoc/sci-fi/action fans a show that is ostensibly a dramatic soap opera. And just like the music of sugar ray, the show has become less and less about the science fiction, and more about the drama.  Bravo AMC, you fucking ninjas.

	Score: 49
		Yes, the Walking Dead sucks. 90% of an episode is boring as fuck and then, suddenly, something happens in the last couple of minutes to get you to come back.  Hard to feel like I didn’t get scammed.

	Score: 47
		So I'm not gonna go into the whole good vs bad. Instead I'll just argue the Shane point. I've heard the argument that Shane only wanted what was best for the group and was willing to do whatever it took for the group to survive yadda yadda, but my point has always been that Shane was completely self-serving, and while he may have put the group first before others, he would always put himself and his own wants before the group. He showed that he was capable of killing any one of them if they stood in the way of what he wanted. Look what he did with Rick. Rick was part of the group, Rick was his best friend, and he tried to kill him, and while he might have tried to justify it by claiming he was doing what was best for everyone, I think it was pretty obvious that his true motivations were entirely selfish, he wanted Lori and Rick was in the way. Shane wanted control, he spent his whole life being the deputy, 2nd best, and then he had a chance to be the sheriff, he didn't want to live in Rick's shadow anymore. He's like any dictator who justifies every terrible thing they do with some greater good nonsense. But I think the show did a good enough job building his true character traits that you could see beyond whatever crap he was spouting and see into what his true motivations and desires were. Point is, no one would have been safe for very long with a leader as selfish as Shane, he would sacrifice anyone to save his own skin, I would argue even Lori and Carl if it came down to it. Rick would do the opposite and that's why he's a better leader. Loyalty is more powerful when it is inspired by love rather than fear. I don't think anyone would have ever loved Shane.      

	Score: 45
		If you say that good characters are important to you and not the slowness/filler, I will ignore the latter.    I would argue the ONLY good thing about the show are a few key characters.  It's the only reason I kept watching even when the plot was getting dull, and I suspect the same probably goes for you.  Firstly, a character being likeable does not mean that character is good.  And vis-versa.  I think you've already agreed to that.  You haven't really been able to show why the characters in this show aren't charismatic.  This show is entirely character-driven.  It has DOZENS of characters that each get stand-alone episodes.  One thing that this show does do well is force its characters to make decisions, and often we've seen them grow based on these decisions.  You've already relented that Shane is a great character, and it's this very reason.  He has an viewpoint, and he makes decisions that hinder the group because of that viewpoint.  This has been done for every major character at this point.  Even if each character doesn't relate to you- they probably relate to someone.  Most find Tara boring, but a lesbian friend of mine really enjoys seeing Tara on the screen because she relates to her.  I don't think you've been able to define that these characters aren't good.  You cite Pulp Fiction as an example of good characterization, but I'm not sure a stylized movie can really be compared to a slow-burn 6-season TV drama.

	Score: 43
		Fair enough. I'll hold off on tearing it apart then.

	Score: 42
		I think you're the one being one dimensional here. Morgan is one of the best characters on the show and Michonne is the greatest character on the show and in the comic. Neither are stereotypes.

	Score: 33
		I don't think it's that ridiculous for a dude from Atlanta with the name Theodore to be nicknamed T-dog. 

	Score: 27
		Watch the first and last episode of a season, miss nothing. 

	Score: 25
		Please note that only a genuine change in view (of any degree) would justify a delta. Awarding deltas is not obligatory and is a matter of your own discretion.  If you think positive racial representation makes the show somewhat not as bad as you originally thought, therefore changing your general view as stated in the title, I will let the delta stay. If you consider positive racial representation doesn't make the show better in any way, or doesn't make the show any less boring for you which perhaps is your actual view on narrow interpretation, I will have to remove the delta.

	Score: 25
		It was so dumb that they fake killed Glenn and then killed him.  They never used Abraham to his full potential anyway. His character sucked compared to the comic. Same with the ex foot ball player with the hammer. Forgot his name.

	Score: 21
		[removed]

	Score: 20
		Hi, I watched TWD for the first 2 seasons or so (tapered off at the end of season 2) and I thought the show was downright terrible.  I wanted a show about zombies, and what I got is a damn drama. As it is though, I would really love to read your writing about the show. Preaching to the choir and all, I'd like to see my opinions written, if you catch my drift.   Thanks a bunch. 

	Score: 18
		The comic spawned shows and video games



CMV: Jail time for unpaid child support is a modern day debtor's prison and also doesn't make sense as a concept.
=======================================

	Score: 487
		The issue here is that there *is* an option for someone who cannot afford their child support payments: if they legitimately cannot afford to pay child support due to their income/debts/etc., they can go to Friend of the Court (or its equivalent in their state) and petition to have the child support payment lowered. The court will consider their income, their debts and expenses, the amount of parenting time they receive, the expenses and needs of the child, their ability to earn more income, and various other factors to determine how much they should be paying. The solution to not being able to afford child support isn't to simply not pay it; it's to go through the court system to negotiate a lower payment that the person can afford.   The alternative to throwing someone in jail for a debt is allowing judges the discretion to lower fees as needed for someone experiencing financial hardship, or allowing the court to create payment plans for those who cannot afford court-ordered fees and costs. Going through Friend of the Court to get a lower child support payment is how this is addressed in these issues.   Choosing not to pay court-ordered child support is failing to comply with a court order, which can result in criminal and civil contempt. You can't just choose not to follow a directive of the court; otherwise, the courts would have no power at all. Jail time is a consequence of *failing to use the appropriate channel* to address an inability to pay child support.   You also have to remember that not everyone who fails to pay child support goes to jail for it. Depending on how much is owed, why it is owed, the matter at hand, the terms of the child support agreement, etc., many people just end up paying arrears. Often the people going to jail for failure to pay child support either don't show up to a Show Cause hearing (or its equivalent in their jurisdiction) wherein they are given an opportunity to show cause for their lack of payment, consistently miss child support payments in violation of court order, cannot establish financial hardship yet aren't paying child support, etc.   As a paralegal in a family law firm, I can tell you that the tools available to parents through Friend of the Court are really extensive. There are many kits you can find online through your state or non-profits that explain exactly how to do things like petition for lower child support if you can't afford an attorney, and in my jurisdiction the Friend of the Court has an entire team dedicated to helping people without attorneys navigate their legal matter. Jail time as a consequence for failure to pay child support is a result of a person's failure to properly utilize the court system and not their failure to afford their payments. 

	Score: 119
		While I don't fully agree, it is good to see a response that is not oozing Red Pill ideas. I agree with the other person who replied to this, Friend of the Court sounds good, but would it work in practice? I'm concerned about how underfunded and understaffed organizations like these are (which slows down response times and limits resources). Would it be accessible enough for someone with a mental illness, someone without reliable transportation, someone who is new to the country and doesn't know about resources like these, etc.  I'm also kind of wary of a government's or court's ability to determine how much someone can afford to pay. I've seen what FAFSA thought my family could afford to pay to send me to college. I've seen how the government thinks that people with sometimes very low income still don't qualify for food stamps, public defenders, or Medicaid.

	Score: 93
		Friend of the Court in my area (metro Detroit) is an extremely effective system. The county I live in is well-funded, so I'm sure that plays a role, but there are also multiple law schools in the area that offer family law clinics with law students working under the supervision of licensed attorneys in matters just like this for people who can't afford attorneys.   I have actively worked on a case through our firm where the custodial parent wanted to send the child to a prohibitively expensive daycare and wanted to enroll the child in an expensive dance program and the referee at the hearing ordered the parties to work together to find a daycare program not to cost more than $X annually and ordered that the non-custodial parent only had to pay a portion of the dance program fees equivalent to half the cost of the average dance program in the area. We have had another case wherein the non-custodial parent petitioned for lower child support payments and when the custodial parent produced clothing, food, and other expense receipts for the child to try and establish why the child support should not change, the referee ruled that the custodial parent was spending unreasonably on unnecessarily expensive clothing and self-care items for the child and granted the petition for reduced child support payments based on that as well as the non-custodial parent's financial situation.   It absolutely depends on the court, the judge, and the terms of the arrangement. You could get a shitty judge who just doesn't care and sticks it to you, but in my experience, that's not particularly likely. Generally, the judges in family court cases want the parents to work these issues out themselves, and make a note of which parent isn't being cooperative or reasonable. In most instances, they will do what they can to encourage the parents to work it out amongst themselves before stepping in.   To speak towards accessibility, if a person has a debilitating mental illness to the extent that they cannot competently make decisions for themselves, they have to inform the court of that and cannot expect the court to know that is why they failed to petition for lower child support. You can appear to hearings by phone with reasonable notice to a judge's chambers in most jurisdictions. You can request an interpreter if you cannot speak English or actively participate in your legal matter. In my area, we have a very large Arabic community, and there are countless legal aid centers for Arabic-speakers who need affordable assistance navigating legal matters.   Beyond just resources through the court, like I said, law schools often have legal aid clinics, non-profits do as well, and there are tons of resources online (even reputable ones) for navigating these kinds of matters.   At the end of the day, to really stay focused on OP's assertion that jail time for failure to pay child support is the same thing as a debtor's prison, the answer is simply that it's not. There is a well-established system in place for people who cannot afford their child support payments. They have to utilize that system when they can't afford them; whether or not that system is easy to navigate certainly varies, but there are absolutely resources. You cannot just defy a court order; the courts would have very little real power if they could not enforce their orders through civil or criminal contempt. You have to utilize the available resources if you cannot comply with a judge's order, and failure to do so can and should result in consequences.   And to address OP's point that putting someone in jail for not being able to afford their child support is counter-productive, the alternative would be fining that person for not being able to afford their child support, which is even less productive. 

	Score: 58
		Imagine this scenario.  Two adults live together and have a child. They don't feed the child, or buy clothes, or take the child to the hospital when needed. When authorities show up the couple say they simply couldn't afford it. They didn't petition the government for help. They were able to feed and clothe themselves,  but didn't take care of their child.  I think most Americans would agree that the child  needs to be removed from the parent's care and the parents charged with neglect.  That is analogous, in my view, with not paying child support. A parent is keeping money for him/herself and not feeding their child. Not clothing their child, or providing shelter or medical care.  If a parent cannot afford what is required because of a change in circumstance, they can petition the court for a review just like the parents in the first example could petition for food stamps. In my view, a parent who doesn't pay child support should be charged with the analogous crime in the state as refusing to feed their child.  Disclaimer, my parents are still married and I have remained married to the other parent of my children for 21 years so I have no personal experience in the matter. That may skew my opinion. 

	Score: 52
		>We put people in jail for not paying traffic fines, would you want to stop that practice too?  Yes, because I think that, for similar reasons, it's also silly and does more harm than good, but that's not what this CMV is about.

	Score: 44
		The reality isn't that simple I've had workers under me that made 9 an hour with 800 a month payments he went to court many times with no reductions and ended up in jail twice for non payment. Shame as he was a good worker.  My point is just because there is a system in place doesnt make it effective or fair

	Score: 41
		I went to the court to try this years ago, didn't work. Was insulted by everyone for even trying.  "Your ability to pay has nothing to do with your obligation to pay"  I will never forget those words the judge spoke and that was almost 2 decades ago.  As a result I had to flee the country to stay out of jail and here is the kicker.  I didn't owe anything, my ex lied about payments I made directly to her because "the system takes too long to get the money here and I need it now!!1!" and I had a storage fire that burned my records of payment.  Finally the fraud she had perpetrated on the state a different way caught up with her and I was given some credibility that she might have done nearly the exact same thing to me at the exact same time like I told them and she confessed when questioned the first time they even tried.  10 years later I have still not recovered.  I hope you remain unconvinced because current laws most certainly are a modern day debtors prison that makes no sense.  The fact that some people who know the system can avoid that prison doesn't change anything for those of us who can't.

	Score: 40
		I strongly disagree with this for a number of reasons.  First and foremost, if we're going to apply civil standards to child support proceedings, then the attendant consequences also need to mirror normal civil procedure.  Nobody gets jailed because they don't pay a judgment from a credit card company who sues them.   In ordinary civil procedure, the bar for showing contempt is quite high, and to get to the point of jailing someone in respect to a contempt allegation arising from a civil suit, you need to go through what amounts to criminal proceedings, proving beyond a doubt that they willfully violated the court's order.  Failing to show up for the hearing is not sufficient, as that would be a trial in abesntia.    Moreover, requiring that someone affirmatively petition to have their support requirement reduced, or else face jail time, offends the basic notions of due process and presumption of innocence that are foundational to our legal system.  It is not the defendant's obligation to prove he cannot pay and therefore noncompliance is not willful.  It is rather the prosecution's burden to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant has the means to comply with the court's order, and has willfully failed to comply with it.  Imprisonment is a fundamentally criminal punishment which should only be meted out after full criminal procedure is given to the defendant.  There are certainly cases of willful contempt of support orders which would be criminally prosecutable, but the process matters.  The only time when it is appropriate to sentence a person to imprisonment is after they have been proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt, with all of the protections afforded under the constitution relating to criminal prosecution available to them.

	Score: 38
		Short answer- you can't get put in jail for failure to pay child support without a court finding that you could have paid but didn't. Typically, repeatedly and egregiously. 

	Score: 37
		I was just representing someone today who got a jail sentence for nonpayment. In my state very few people go to jail for nonpayment. They go to jail for failing to make any effort to comply with seek work orders. It's okay if you can't afford to pay, but the court is going to send you out to find a job, sign up with temp agencies, etc, and if you choose to blow that off, well, that's on you. If you make earnest attempts, you will not go to jail.  Edit: for those curious it was 30 days jail imposed  and stayed, meaning he *will* go to jail if he fucks up again and can't get a job 

	Score: 36
		I have a cousin who unrepentantly did not pay child support. He accused his wife of cheating, not using birth control; even though their agreement was condoms. He had two kids by her before they divorced. One kid looked just like him, the other didn't. This was before paternity tests.   Then he had two more kids with another girl, pulled the same shit.   After his divorce and the girlfriend he owed massive amounts of child support and back child support.   He's 62 and still owes $65000. His oldest must be 40. They later did court ordered DNA and all 4 kids were his.   He avoided paying by being a contractor/ day laborer. He also dealt drugs. But his wife and girlfriend would take him to court if they found out he was working. Both moms collected WIC and food stamps.   What they did is threw him in jail for a year. Then they gave him parole and said: get a job where you get a W2. That way we can garnish checks.   Call it what you want, but:  1) the kids need support, and I shouldn't have to pay.  2) there's very few options for the state to get the dad to pay, so coercion is a must.  3) the guy is an immoral prick (and an evangelical to boot) so I'm not upset at his situation 4) sticking your dick places has a cost.  5) people like him ruin for other dads who are just having trouble making it work or did get fucked over.   If it comes to jail for most of these guys we have to default that they're deadbeats. Let's not automatically assume child support = victimized dad. 

	Score: 30
		While the concept is a good idea, if you can't afford child support, you certainly can't afford legal fees. I just went through a very amicable custody agreement and it cost ~$2000 and that wasn't even going in front of a judge.

	Score: 28
		> I'm also kind of wary of a government's or court's ability to determine how much someone can afford to pay.  Kind of like my employers here, when I tell them I need to make $1500/month to pay my bills and they tell me "I need to reduce my spending" 

	Score: 25
		The thing is, the father *should* be able to afford it. The payments are based on his income and other factors, and as someone else already said, he can go through the system to get lowered payments.   We put people in jail for not paying traffic fines, would you want to stop that practice too? 

	Score: 24
		It is very rare that someone is jailed for unpaid child support. It's the last step in a series of progressive attempts to obtain payment.  Prison needs to remain an option for two reasons. 1. It is an effective deterrent. 2. It is a punishment those who can afford to pay but refuse and/or take exceptional measures to deceive the court about ability to pay.

	Score: 24
		Honestly, I've never once heard of a program like that. I really don't think it's promoted or even exists in a functional way in some states.  It takes 2 weeks to get the child support ball rolling, but often takes 6 months to get a court date for an adjustment. Let's not forget the income difference between households. The custodial parent can constantly make life hard for the other by over-spending on sports, healthcare, clothing, etc. This tends to happen if the custodial parent has remarried and has a court order stating all expenses be shared. The non-custodial parent is not remarried and carries the homestead costs all alone. The cost of living difference between the parents is never investigated. The custodial parent could have their living expenses entirely paid for by parents or their spouse, and use their own income for leisure. If the parents would have never been able to afford certain things when they were together, why is the non-custodial parent all of a sudden expected to reach their partners new level of income.  As harsh as it sounds, some families can't afford braces for their children. Once the custodial parent gets the braces applied, try arguing in court that you cannot afford your share. These tools may be available, but there's 10 times as many tools readily made available for the custodial parent. Advice is available socially, and from the court for custodial parents. It really is a stacked deck.

	Score: 24
		Out of curiosity, what is your preferred way of handling unpaid traffic fines? (Serious question, not trying to be a dick)

	Score: 24
		Yeah, the funny thing is you can only cut out so many things before you become homeless and not hireable. 

	Score: 22
		The rule stating that courts cannot jail someone for failure to pay child support without a specific finding of ability to pay is a national one, crafted by the Supreme Court. 

	Score: 21
		You are not taking into account the difference in expenditures as %custody changes.   Also, in the US, it is reletively easy for parents to get joint 50/50 custody assuming both parents are good parents,  want their children to live with them, can provide adequate shelter, and live in close proximity to the school.  It isn't up to one parent to decide how much time the other parent gets.  



CMV: The names of mass shooters should not be released to the public.
=======================================

	Score: 474
		It would cause a big public mystery which would gather more attention. If you are just omitting the name but releasing other information, they would quickly be doxxed. If not, eventually historians and social scientists would gather the information and people would use the information there to dox the names. Because the internet is twisted, I'm sure there's already a community of "fans" of mass shooters who would dedicate a lot of time to doing this.  Anyway, people who want infamy, whether their name is remembered is going to be secondary. They are still going to be the person who committed the acts which will be remembered.  Look at Jack the Ripper. Yeah, we don't know his real name. But the not knowing created such a mystique. I think if Jack were a malignant narcissist he'd be happy with that legacy.

	Score: 420
		>Sixth Amendment  >In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed; which district shall have been previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor; and to have the assistance of counsel for his defence.  Notice that first bit.   >the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and **public** trial  This is important to make sure that the gov is accountable to the public. Granted, most mass shooters don't make it to jail, let alone trial. But the point remains valid. Our judicial system cannot function in a black box.  

	Score: 235
		Another point - if the media can not print the name, they will start referring to mass murderers with the kind of names they use for serial killers - Grim Sleeper, BTK killer, Zodiak Killer, Unabomber etc. These names are very glamorizing and give the killer a sort of legendary status.   I think this sort of media treatment might be more gratifying to a killer than having their name released: in life I was Joe Schmo, but now history will remember me as "The Casino Killer!" I think it's more discouraging to normalize these people. They all tend to have pretty sad, pathetic lives that they would rather hide from the public. Not releasing their name allows them to erase that pathetic life and replace it with something glamorous. 

	Score: 126
		Yes. All (EDIT: Criminal) lawful proceedings need to be conducted in the suspect's real name.  You can't have state of Arizona v. John Doe if John Doe isn't the suspect's identity.

	Score: 111
		That's a good point. Just to play into the argument:  Are names absolutely necessary for a trial to be public? Could they be recognized maybe under a different name for the sake of the trial?

	Score: 74
		This is going to give more power to the less ethical media sites or to online communities like 4chan and online serial killer / mass murder enthusiasts and fans to be able to come up with nick names for these people. And if the media is forced to make their stories more boring, it's going to drive more people into the arms of these seedier sites. Also, is this ban going to be international? Because British tabloids report on American mass shooters too.

	Score: 71
		Those are all good points, but even if the name does get doxed from the internet (which I do agree, it likely will) if there was some sort of law that prevented media outlets from releasing it, it still wouldn't allow the killer to receive the attention they are looking for.

	Score: 50
		In the Netherlands where I live the media have a gentlemen’s agreement. The never publish the full names of suspects and criminals only their first name and first latter of their last name. So everybody knows Volkert van der G (who killed a politician) But nobody his surname. This way people won’t start witch hunts and stalk family members. Especially important for suspects that turned out innocent. However if you want you can go to a public trial and if you want you can know the surname of the suspect. But 99,9% of the people will only read or hear it in the media and not bother looking.   I think this method solves almost all of the problems mentioned as arguments in this thread. 

	Score: 44
		You got me there. I guess there isn't really a way to know what sort of impact it would have on mass killings if something like this were to come into play. The only way would be to give it a test run.  And yeah I guess that's why a law wouldn't work, and some sort of agreement between the media outlets would be a more probable option. What if big websites like Reddit and 4chan were in on the agreement to suppress it, and the only ones left are the psychopath forums?  It would be interesting to see what sort of impact it would have if something like this was given like a 2-3 year trial run.  ∆

	Score: 42
		Are minors recognized? Would it still violate the sixth amendment if another law was made to say that during trial mass killers were to be recognized publicly the same way minors are recognized in order to prevent the killer of recognition he/she seeks.

	Score: 41
		I agree. Hypothetically speaking, if a movement was made by the media outlets to choose not to recognize killers this way, or any way that plays into that "glamor" aspect, it could prevent this. 

	Score: 38
		No, the names matter.  We have to put a reason behind the motives for any massacre. What/who exactly did this? It's crucial we understand what the cause was.  It allows us to move forward accordingly.

	Score: 35
		How are police supposed to get people to come forward with additional information about the background and motives of the killer without the name being released? Some key witnesses with essential information might live thousands of miles away.

	Score: 35
		Why would the killer care/how would the killer know their identity isn't public?  Their deed is famous, that's what they care about.   And I believe minors can only testify under false names in civil cases, but I'm no lawyer.

	Score: 31
		I mean, the killer's acts would still live on and he would be known as the "blah blah" killer. Not by name, but arguably worse, a title. Names are ordinary, but titles elevate a status.

	Score: 28
		The first killer wouldn't know, but every potential killer after that might realize they wont get the fame they are looking for if they commit a similar act of violence.  I get your point if the deed is the only thing they care about, but my guess is that many of these people want their names to be remembered.   "The message is clear to other disturbed kids around the country: If I shoot up my school, I can be famous." —Roger Ebert

	Score: 25
		Not sure if someone made this point but I think not naming the person would allow conspiracy theorists to start speculating who the person is and innocent people might get caught up in it. Kind of like what happened with Reddit and the Boston bombing. 

	Score: 20
		> if there was some sort of law that prevented media outlets from releasing it  That would violate the 1st Amendment and freedom of the press.

	Score: 19
		If it is even one case of a guilty person being convicted due to additional information then justice has been served. Or vice versa. Maybe a suspect looks very guilty but a far away family member has cell phone records or some other information that proves the person is innocent. Are you comfortable with jailing innocent people just because you don't want some criminals to get attention?

	Score: 19
		> "glamorous recognition"  I think you are just supposing an unreal perfect solution though. Explain to me how any media outlet explains that a man shot into a crowd of thousands, killing 50+ and injuring ~500, without glamorizing  the killer. People were there. it made noise. It made blood. It was a mass shooting. This, by definition is glamorous in the sense that it draws attention like moths to a flame. I don't think this is intrinsically a bad thing. Honestly, to see bad things and try to understand them is likely a Darwinian kind of instinct to aid our survival.   What you you mean glamor is defined by "stuff like that"? Giving them a name that isn't their name? What would happen instead? Even if we Harry-Pottered this one and called the shooter "He whose name we do not say", that would become how he is remembered. 



CMV: Abortion is preferable to raising a child on an unstable financial foundation, and it shouldn't be regulated on a federal level.
=======================================

	Score: 298
		I have no argument with you except on the fact that abortion shouldn't be regulated at federal level - it should absolutely remain federally regulated. If it became a state's choice, people living in blue states would probably not have to worry about losing their access to abortion, but red states would become even more of abortion access/women's health deserts. [Lack of access to abortion is linked to worse overall women's and children's healthcare outcomes](https://www.reproductiverights.org/States-with-Most-Abortion-Restrictions-have-Fewest-Supportive-Policies-Women-Children%20) and this is is happening while abortion is federally very legal.   Look at Texas - it has among the highest maternal mortality in any developed country. [Here](https://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/maps-of-access-to-abortion-by-state/) and [here](https://www.plannedparenthoodaction.org/issues/abortion/map-abortion-access-south) are maps showing the increasingly scant access to clinics and increasingly high limitations on abortion access across the United States, but especially in the south. Texas is *huge*, with several million women of childbearing age, and there are only 10 clinics in the entire state where a woman can seek a safe abortion?   There are many, many studies that show that limiting access is also disproportionately effecting women of color and poor women. If an affluent person needs to obtain an abortion, they can simply spend the money to fly off to wherever they need to obtain one. Lower income people can often not do this. Consider that in addition to spending the money to get to their nearest abortion provider (which again could be across the state or across state lines), they need to take the time off of work to accommodate the travel and pay for some form of roof over their head while they are out of town, and potentially have to find childcare options as well for the duration of their trip. 

	Score: 207
		But there's around 100,000 kids (25% average) that are waiting to be adopted right now. I think setting up a child's life around going in and out of foster homes as well as hoping that they get adopted is arguably a worse fate than being born when the parents aren't ready to commit to each other and raise him/her together on a stable financial position.   But I do see your point and hadn't considered that angle, hmm... it's a very tricky issue for sure. 

	Score: 137
		In my eyes, it really does come down to whether or not unborn fetuses are classified as "life" or not. In the words of Louie CK, abortion is either murder or taking a dump. One or the other. I will address your points from the assumption that fetuses are alive.   1. Anything can be financially difficult. That doesn't justify any means that could potentially solve the problem. I don't get to deal drugs because I can't afford a new car. My roommate eats my food literally every day, but I don't get to kill him due to the financial burden and lower level of happiness he imposes upon me. Not to mention, most abortion patients are from lower economic classes, as you pointed out. And I'm sure you also are aware that studies show that the vast majority of people belonging to this class remain in the same financial situation their whole life. Would killing a baby be justifiable if it helped raise a young family out of poverty? Depends on your values. But if you're making decisions that put you in a situation where you have to do such a thing, you probably won't make great decisions afterwards either.   2. What individual solution would I recommend? Usually adoption. I know, the child likely won't be in for an easy life and will have all kinds of struggles. But I still think they deserve to try and make the most of it. I personally know dozens of people (as I'm sure you do too) who were adopted and have fantastic lives. Just because something is difficult doesn't mean it shouldn't be a viable option. And this goes for the biological parents of the child too. Do young people filled with hormones deserve to be stuck with the consequence of their mistake? Absolutely. Nobody is punishing them. That's the natural result of what they did. And while they don't deserve to be condemned before God or Man for such a mistake, we can't justify killing a baby simply so that can avoid facing the consequences of doing something (let's call it what it is) stupid. Drunk drivers are making "mistakes" and don't intend to hurt anyone. But they don't get to avoid consequences because it was a natural tendency that's difficult to abstain from. Consequences are the primary motivators to avoid making the same mistake again, or mistakes of a different kind.   3. Here's the big question: what is life? I think the definition you choose from conservatives is both uncommon and logically unsupportable. If the killing of a few hundred cells is murder, then we're all Hitlers in a perpetual holocaust every time we move, scratch, or breathe. To me, the question is simple: by what terms do we define the end of a life? By the ceasing of the heartbeat. Even if stopped temporarily for a medical procedure, we declare patients "clinically dead". So it that's the end of life, it only makes sense to me that a beating heart signifies life, and a baby's heartbeat can usually be detected 2-4 weeks into a pregnancy. I realize that this makes abortion morally impossible under this interpretation (since it's very unlikely to even know one is pregnant within that time), but I feel it's supported by logic and science, and also isn't extreme in theory. It also allows for options such as "Plan B".  4. What blanket solutions are there? Well I think this question fails to address what the problem is. The context of the question makes me think you're looking for a way for everyone that wishes to engage in pre-marital sex to do so with a fail-proof method of avoiding the consequence. But that's not the way life works. There's no fail-proof way to avoid getting in an accident when driving, no matter how many safety features your vehicle has. There's no way to invest in the stock market without there being a chance of you losing everything you have. There's no way to go swimming in the ocean without possibly being sucked out to sea by a riptide. Everything has risks. And everything has methods to mitigate those risks, but only to a certain extent. If you choose to drive, you're accepting the risk involved. If you choose to invest, you're accepting the risk involved. If you choose to swim, you're accepting the risk involved. If you choose to drive drunk, you're accepting the consequence involved. If you choose to do anything, you do so knowing there may be unintended consequences. Sex isn't special or different just because it's natural and the consequence is big.   5-6. I think abortion law should follow murder law (which differs by state, however a solution would be a federal mandate requiring state abortion law to follow that of existing state murder laws). Also in the words of Louie CK, sometimes murder is okay. Different states have drawn lines outlining when it is okay to end someone's life. The cases applicable to abortion include the endangerment of the mother's life, as well as self-defense (rape). I believe rape to be an acceptable justification for abortion, but this is less than 1% of abortion cases. As per Ben Shapiro, making blanket policy justifications based on the marginal case is bad policy making procedure. 

	Score: 85
		Pretty much all the kids that make up that 100,000 figure are older and more difficult to adopt out. There is a waiting list for infant adoptions. Anyone who chooses to adopt out a newborn infant will always find a home for it immediately unless it has some sort of medical complications.   In my state it takes over $20,000 and around 1 year of waiting to adopt an infant. 

	Score: 79
		I agree mostly, but what about adoption? You haven't addressed the notion that you can give a baby a home through adoption.

	Score: 51
		I'm pro-choice as well. Would just like to say two things; one, I'd like to address what you brought up in issues 2 and 4. Two, I'd like to explain the core pro-choice argument; you didn't mention it in your post so you may not be familiar with it.  To combat teen pregnancy: number one, fix sex ed. Two, make birth control and PREVENTATIVE measures possible. Three, make safe havens and easy adoptions possible.  And now let me address the key pro-choice argument. I've read your post and you haven't mentioned anything to indicate that you're aware of it; allow me to rectify. The key reason for abortion is the fact that, as pro-choicers believe, **a baby -- even if you** ***do*** **consider it to be a human being -- does not have the right to use her mother's body without her permission**. This is the right to bodily autonomy. Even if you think a baby is a full human person with all human rights the very second it is conceived, that does not address this argument.  A problem I have with your "it's better for the kids to be killed than live on welfare" is this: if it is okay to abort babies because that is more merciful than letting them live a shitty life... than should it be okay to kill a newborn if they will live a shitty life? (Plus, you can put kids up for adoption, or legally, without fear of reprisal, drop them off at a safe haven so long as they are unharmed).  Abortion is not about the baby's quality of life; it's about the fact that it doesn't have the right to use it's mother's body without her permission.

	Score: 48
		You're describing the current state of affairs for abortion access in the United States. Roe v Wade makes abortion legal, but states are able to regulate access. Even if they can't outright ban abortion, states are restricting access by subversive means like requiring a waiting period between decision and "procedure" (which is condescending at best and at worst is undue difficulty for the reasons I listed above about people seeking abortion having to take extra time off of work etc) or mandatory ultrasounds before being allowed to abort, or allowing doctors to lie about side effects/potential outcomes (infertility, "abortions can be reversed") from getting an abortion, or requiring that doctors have hospital admitting privileges in order to provide what are generally very safe and effective medical procedures - frequently ones that aren't even surgical in nature.   Conceptually I have no issue with states taking care of the regulation minutiae, but the fact of the matter is that the current reality is harmful to women and families. I really want to emphasize the previously linked information about more restrictions on abortion access correlating to an overall worse status for the healthcare needs of women and children. I have related complaints about these ignorant politicians trying to minimize or eliminate coverage requirements for contraception and prenatal care. In tandem, these roadblocks for health care are detrimental for many of the reasons you yourself listed in your OP - financial burden on tax payers for health insurance, food stamps, and other welfare benefits as well as limitations on the economic stability of the women and families being negatively impacted by these regulations. This ties in to a deficit in education (both for the unwanted or poorly timed child and usually the mother who would put an education or career on hold to care for the newborn), an inability to progress socioeconomically, and a less healthy and educated general population. Crime rates went down markedly about 15-20 years after Roe v Wade and many people attribute it to a reduction in children that did not receive the loving parenting and social cultivation necessary for functional (or at least non delinquent) adulthood. 

	Score: 48
		Hmm. In that case, I can't argue with that option, but some would say that a woman may not want to go through the pains of pregnancy and childbirth and she shouldn't be forced to. What would you answer to that? That those are the consequences of risky behavior, a risk you take when having sex? If so, I can imagine much outcry (namely feminists) because men can essentially impregnate many women with absolutely no consequences.   Geez, I just went back and forth with myself, this is what I mean. It's a really tough issue for me. 

	Score: 35
		> 3) Since a zygote is by definition a unique organism that is alive, it would seem that the burden of proof is on those who claim it is not a life. This of course doesn't hold in the case of cow or pig or dog zygotes; only those zygotes which will develop into fully mature human beings given time, nutrition, and shelter.  I think it is the other way around. No one claims it is not a life, the claim is that it is not a morally relevant life. We afford varying levels of moral responsibility to different animals, some quite high, some very low. But we do not give any moral responsibility at all to the zygote of any species at all. 

	Score: 33
		The best conservative argument I've heard against abortion is from my boss. To him, a zygote is a baby. A baby is not only a human being, but the weakest form of human being that requires others to care and nurture. A person who shoots a baby or toddler in the head is the worst kind of person because they've destroyed a vessel of amazing human potential and pure innocence. To him there is no difference between a zygote, embryo, fetus, newborn, and their 1st birthday. In this frame of mind, the woman does indeed give up her body autonomy because of the other body that is reliant on her for life support. Having an abortion is no less than euthanasia of someone on life support.   And as a conservative, he believes that if you can't afford to care for a child, you should have exercised some personal responsibility. Keep your legs closed if you're a girl that doesn't want to chance raising a child with your partner or being a single mother. Keep your pecker in your pants if you don't want to chance raising a child with your partner or pay child support. If you can't afford a child, you shouldn't try for one. And everyone knows that birth control and condoms fail all the time, so that's not a good enough excuse.   As for children conceived through rape, his greatest sympathies go to the victims of the rape, but he believes that two wrongs don't make a right and that the child should have a chance at life. The child should be carried to term and given up for adoption.    In summary, abortion is as much of an option as murder is. To a conservative like this, to abort a fetus because you can't afford to keep it or it's inconvenient is the same as blowing someone's head off for the same reason. The reason I think this is the best argument is because it is secular and isn't hypocritical. Yes, it's unforgiving of personal mistakes.   *edit* I'm sorry, I guess I shouldn't have used someone else's argument because I can't argue back.

	Score: 32
		I lucked out and hit the lottery when I was adopted by my family, but yes, foster homes and horrible lives are part of the probability space in this decision. Agencies can hook people up though and if you're healthy, there are people who WANT your baby. It could be that a prelude to a justified abortion may include a good faith effort to find the baby a home.  In general though. abortion restrictions cause more harm than good. Too many perverse incentives. Women's health shouldn't be a secondary priority.

	Score: 30
		I can assure you it is far from an apathetic standpoint. I can't imagine it ever being an easy decision for a woman. However when pro-lifers focus on the rights of a *potential* life rather than the rights of an *existing* life, they are in total contradiction of a "human rights" argument.  For example, forcing a woman to carry a child she does not want is an invasion of her body, her autonomy, and her privacy (OBGYN etc).   When people argue "just carry the child and give it up for adoption" they are reducing that woman to an incubator at worst, and surrogate mother at best. They also negate to take into account the tremendous psychological distress of the seperation, which is caused by the woman's biological instincts as a mother that develop and intensify throughout the 9 months. How is that not a human rights issue? Forcing any person into a drawn out, traumatic, painful, and psychologically distressing series of events against their will is a human rights issue.  Again, prioritising rights of a *potential* life rather than the rights of an *existing* life is a problematic argument which completely negates any rights of the woman involved, which nullifies the argument that pro-life equals "human rights".

	Score: 27
		One problem with the "forced incubator" thing is that we don't apply that rule to anyone else.  If you die, and your organs could save other people, your next of kin are given a choice of whether to donate your organs.  And we certainly never force a living person to give up a spare organ to save someone else.  So basically that argument gives women's bodies less respect than we as a society would give a corpse.

	Score: 26
		This is the most compelling argument I have read and I sincerely appreciate you taking the time in writing this. Here are some of the parts that really stood out to me:  > And I'm sure you also are aware that studies show that the vast majority of people belonging to this class remain in the same financial situation their whole life. Would killing a baby be justifiable if it helped raise a young family out of poverty? Depends on your values. But if you're making decisions that put you in a situation where you have to do such a thing, you probably won't make great decisions afterwards either.  > The context of the question makes me think you're looking for a way for everyone that wishes to engage in pre-marital sex to do so with a fail-proof method of avoiding the consequence. But that's not the way life works....Sex isn't special or different just because it's natural and the consequence is big.  If you don't mind me asking considering you called it a "stupid" mistake to fool around when you're young, do you believe in pre-marital sex? Shapiro made an argument that stood out to me about this, saying that it's one of the root problems in our society. And while I'm definitely not abstinent and can't imagine most couples are, I can't argue with that assessment. Is the risk worth it to you, or do you personally abstain? Sex, to me, is very important in intimacy, but I don't think it's critical to a strong, healthy relationship. In fact, I can definitely see that helping each other transcend the primal urge to bang everyday can actually strengthen a relationship depending on the people.  Really the only solution I can think of are contraceptives like birth control/condoms and Plan B on hand at all times. If you aren't responsible enough to actively monitor this risk, then I have no argument against your stance. Another user here said that the baby can't "use the woman's body without her permission" and that's why it should be legal, which struck me as incredibly selfish. As for the rape justification, I'm completely on your side about that; the only time it should be allowed.  I will admit that my view is just about changed. My mind is always thinking of exceptions and ways of justifying this, but I've always felt in my heart that it's just wrong. Will do some thinking tonight and most likely hand over your delta.  EDIT: After much thought, I've gotta say, you have definitely changed my view. ∆ to you, sir.

	Score: 26
		>a baby -- even if you do consider it to be a human being -- does not have the right to use her mother's body without her permission  I'm pretty much pro-choice, but this is definitely not one of the reasons. The argument itself is self-defeating unless I'm just misunderstanding you. You say, *"even if you do consider it to be a human being"* which sounds to me like you're implying that the fetus technically isn't one. Which I agree with to an extent. But if you don't consider the baby a human being at this point, how can you possibly make the argument that it's "using the mother's body without her permission"? The way you've framed this statement makes it seem like the baby is infringing on women's rights and this isn't logically sound. Correct me if I'm wrong.  The way I see it, you take a risk in having sex and one of those risks is pregnancy. By engaging in the act, you are recognizing the potential chance of getting pregnant, just like you recognize the risks in getting skin cancer from tanning beds. The baby didn't just form one day out of nowhere, you took *action* in order to make that happen and every action has it's consequences, even if unintended. To put the burden on an unformed baby is to imply it had a choice in this matter, and it did not. You made that happen, and to pretend that this is about the consent of the woman is abandoning personal accountability.   Again, I'm mostly pro-choice, but with strong regret. As another user said, it's a necessary evil it seems. But this argument really rubbed me the wrong way, so please shed some insight on some possible misconceptions I have. From the arguments I've read, it has nothing to do with "women's rights" and never has been, it's the morality of  killing a potential life. Around 50% of women oppose abortion. I understand that men are able to sleep around without this fear (aside from child support and such), but that's just the reality we live in as unfortunate as it is.  

	Score: 25
		I very much agree with everything you've said and hold a similar position about drug use in which regulation rather than prohibition will be more effective.   However, I should've been more specific on what I meant by federal regulation. I only oppose this if it becomes illegal all across the nation for the same reasons you outlined, but more importantly, because I don't think the government has any business dictating what a person should and shouldn't do (unless it directly harms another person, which makes abortion such a controversial issue).  However, your argument is very sound, but what about this proposition: abortion is legal everywhere, but States' are in charge of regulating it. So Texas can have their own laws in place regarding abortion while being unable to completely prohibition? But again, my only issue is giving that much power to the federal government when a huge chuck of the population greatly opposes it. Some would consider that dangerous.   

	Score: 24
		I'm on mobile now and don't want to dig up sources, but the stats I've seen are that there's about 100-125k adoptions in the US every year, vs 900k-1 million abortions. I'm skeptical that the adoption system could meet that level of increased demand, especially since most babies who would have been aborted would be born to low income mothers and would be more likely to have health problems as a result of poor prenatal care, underage and/or drug addicted mothers, and other factors.

	Score: 22
		3) All the cells in your body are alive , but you wouldn't keep a cancer cell in your body just because its alive.

	Score: 21
		Bodily autonomy. Because believe it or not, there is more to life as a woman than being an incubator. 

	Score: 21
		1) Everyone has their limits. I'm not a strong person, and if my quality of life dipped too far I would be the first to see myself out. The conditions under which life is worth living are heavily subjective.  2) Adoption is poor alternative. So few children actually get adopted compared to ones that go into the system, the process is long and expensive, and it can never be predicted how a child will react to the adopting parents and the resulting home situation.  3) Sure, zygotes are 'alive' but the key distinction between pre-birth (and even shortly after birth, really) human bodies and humans is an active, self-aware, conscious brain. Before it can really think and react it's just an unthinking hunk of organic matter.  We kill those all the time with no problem.  4) Sterilization is the better approach. No more abortions for those who don't like that sort of thing, and no more humans. Every human born is a human damned to suffering that could have been prevented.  5) "Deserve" is a bad word to use in regards to ethics and morals. Nobody really deserves anything. Things either just happen, or humans act in their own self interest with consequences for those around them.   6) There are a few things wrong here. First, you call a fetus/zygote/whatever a 'child' which it is not yet. This is loaded language meant to garner sympathy towards it. Second, the fetus cannot be punished because it cannot comprehend its surroundings. An analogous situation would be hitting your dog when you find that it pooped on the floor while you were gone: The dog doesn't know why you're hitting it. You're not punishing the dog, you're just attacking it. The primary difference here is unlike the dog, the fetus can't even suffer. It just dies.



CMV: If I've already purchased a band's CD in the past, I don't feel bad pirating a digital version.
=======================================

	Score: 214
		> I often pirate a digital version of an album for which I already own the CD  In economy the products are meant to be consumed. Almost all have expiration date, only most are not so apparent. A computer for example is meant to break down at certain point (not by design) but by the realities of the product. And after it breaks down, or is out performed by another one. You are meant to purchase another.  Economic calculations are done with this in mind. So if you are specifically finding AN EXCUSE to pirate stuff. Saying "But I already own this, but I lost it / it broke / am too lazy to find it, etc..." is not a great one. Companies are ALWAYS selling stuff because people lost them, cannot find them, or are more available, etc...  You wouldn't say. It's okay, I can steal this computer because I owned once before. No, CDs get replaced by DVDs, blu-ray, cloud, etc.... Just like everything else.  Not saying pirating is inherently bad, or immoral. (It's a service, services are meant to be taken advantage of, you are forcing companies to adapt, etc...). Merely that your reasoning is an excuse to what you perceave is immoral behavior. And it's not a valid one.  

	Score: 177
		I spent all five seasons of Breaking Bad ripping CDs until I had all of my music on my computer. And now, I keep backups. If I lose them, I don't think I'll ever do that again. I agree with you. You already bought the fucking music, regardless of the all the quibbling over format changes and expectations. All the life expectancy talk sounds like business sophistry to me. CD players are still available, so your copies are still viable. You could rip them to your computer, but instead you're saving yourself the trouble. I don't consider what you're doing the least bit immoral. Someone might be able to find some legal issues with it, but legal and moral are not the same thing. As far as I'm concerned, I just played my CDs where my computer could hear them, and my computer has a really good memory.

	Score: 170
		Well now we're getting into semantics of public access versus private access. You are paying for the experience, seating, sounds and all other aspects of a movie theater versus just the movie content on a DVD. 

	Score: 165
		Well it's of course different if I lost the CD - then I would be expected to pay again because I no longer own the music/product. In the scenario we're discussing, I still own the music that was originally paid for. 

	Score: 122
		So is the product the music, or the format on which it is accessed? By your argument, a digital download of "The Wall" by Pink Floyd is a different product than the CD. But if I have already purchased the CD I own the product (music). Format is just the delivery method and access point. 

	Score: 110
		That analogy doesn't work because the cinema ticket doesn't give you unlimited access.   A more apt analogy would be if you bought a DVD in the past should you get the blu ray for free?  In this case you are directly paying for an improvement in the format of the content, instead of a change in the content itself.

	Score: 85
		Your view: I don’t feel bad. We need to convince you to “feel bad.”  Music is a product. The creators of that product can sell it however they see fit. By the disc, by the song, you name it.  Hell, Taylor Swift **could** decide to sell each of her songs for 5 dollars each if she wanted to, or decide to charge you $10 an hour for unlimited play. Capitalism and consumer expectations balance out these variances in options, but that’s how it’s structured.  So, you purchased a product back in the day. There is a newer format of the product available now, that is compatible with updated technology and gives the consumer certain advantages. It *is* a different product than you purchased originally. So, it’s stealing.  You should *feel bad* because you are stealing. 

	Score: 83
		[removed]

	Score: 80
		[removed]

	Score: 79
		So if you bought a cinema ticket in the past you should get the blu ray for free?

	Score: 66
		OP I don't think you should feel bad for your personal downloading of material you already own. If you had a computer capable of ripping no one would even question whether this is fair use.  However, if you are using torrents you should feel bad because your actions are enabling *other people to steal the material*. A torrent works through a distributed distribution system. When you join the swarm and start getting pieces of files you simultaneously begin transmitting those same pieces to others. This basic process is what enables a torrent to work. Even if you don't stay to seed, you have aided the health of the swarm for at the very least the time you spent downloading. So while the creation of your personal copy isn't bad the aiding in creating copies for others is.  Of course this is all null if you don't use torrents. 

	Score: 57
		I agree that's a better analogy. However, upgrading from DVD to Blu-Ray typically also means you get an upgrade in resolution and often sound, so you aren't just getting a different format but also different quality. In the case of CDs vs MP3s, for example, I don't think that's always the case. You're often only getting a change in format. If OP bought a CD and then copied the songs to his computer in digital form, that doesn't seem like theft to me. I don't see a meaningful difference between ripping a CD to your own computer vs pirating the files someone else ripped off their CD when you already own the CD yourself. Now, if there is a significant difference in quality, I'm on the same page as you. 

	Score: 49
		Okay then replace "cinema ticket" with "VHS Tape"

	Score: 46
		And then realize you've simply reframed the original question.  OP's initial statement applies here, as he already paid for access to the product he feels he should be able to upgrade that purchase.  This is really a question not of the content, but the media type being used.  You can completely take the content out of the question and it becomes solely about upgrading formats.  What you are paying for when you buy a CD is a *physical object* that contains music.  You shouldn't be able to "upgrade" because what you bought was a physical object, not the use of the music on it.  *Digitally stored music* should be able to upgraded and reformatted as you're paying for use of the music.  At least that's my take on it.

	Score: 43
		If he rips the CD, you're right. If he goes to some torrent site and downloads the album, I don't think Sony covers it. He goes to a torrent site because he can't rip the CD. 

	Score: 43
		>If OP bought a CD and then copied the songs to his computer in digital form, that doesn't seem like theft to me. I don't see a meaningful difference between ripping a CD to your own computer vs pirating the files someone else ripped off their CD when you already own the CD yourself.   I was kind of on the fence for this issue but this line convinced me. With respect to CD vs mp3 there isn't a significant difference in quality so it isn't immoral to download the mp3 online if you also have the CD.  Here's your !delta

	Score: 41
		This goes back to my point about the *process* that's used to reach an end-goal. The end-goal is I have mp3s of a CD I already own. Does the process of obtaining determine how I should feel about having the mp3s?

	Score: 29
		This is a modified CMV - I am seeking to change your view that you are 'pirating' music that you own in a different format  The concept of fair use allows you to 'rip' CD's that you own, for your own personal use. So long as the MP3's are the EXACT music that you own as CD in your basement, the mechanism for getting the exact copy is minor.  For example - a buddy of mine and I both own a CD. I rip into to MP3's for my ipod and give him the copy of the mp3 files. We both own the exact same CD so it is still fair use for you.  Pirating would be to get obtain music in digital format that is different that what you own. 

	Score: 26
		Or if you go to the *good* pirate sites you can get equivalent sound quality but with better metadata tagging. There are absolutely pirate products that are better than I could make *and* better than anything that has been released officially.

	Score: 25
		>So yes, you would be depriving them of additional income, even if it is a small amount via royalties.  You're kind of missing a bit of his point. He's not denying any additional revenue *because regardless he is not going to purchase the digital format*. You can't deprive someone of money that they will never receive regardless.



CMV: The lack of a "back" button on an iPhone is a dealbreaker
=======================================

	Score: 614
		iOS differentiates app back (contextual) from inter app back (same everywhere)  iPhone "back" between apps is an off-screen swipe right (with 3D touch pressure). Try it. It's fast if not immediately intuitive. Most people seem not to know about it  App back is up to the app developer which makes sense since some apps don't need a back (games, single screen apps).   If anything muxing the two in a single hardware button is confusion. Sometimes when I hit back my app retreats, sometimes I'm in a whole new app. 

	Score: 225
		> iPhone "back" between apps is an off-screen swipe right (with 3D touch pressure).  This is great! I just read about it; doesn't work on my iPhone 4 though so I can only assume it is a relatively new addition which means iPhones went a good number of years without a universal "back" between apps!  > App back is up to the app developer which makes sense since some apps don't need a back (games, single screen apps).  My issue with this is that many times, developers are inconsistent about how to go back within an app - sometimes the button is at the top, sometimes at the bottom, sometimes hidden in a menu, sometimes a swipe. I find that rather unintuitive.  > If anything muxing the two in a single hardware button is confusion. Sometimes when I hit back my app retreats, sometimes I'm in a whole new app.  !delta for making me realize that a universal back button is sometimes context-sensitive too i.e. I'm comfortable with it because I'm used to it. So I guess iPhone users can (equally validly) claim that they are used to how to navigate around iOS and it's easy for them.

	Score: 133
		I used to use Android, and switched to iOS a year ago - I wouldn't say it makes any difference, and if anything feels more consistent in real use than Android - I frequently had surprising things on Android (i.e. click back, go to completely different app), as well as the fact that different phones have the back button in different places (Samsung vs others seem to swap back from left to right of the home button).  On iOS:  1. Top left status bar has back to prev app (i.e. open maps from mail) 1. swipe to left is back for screens/actions in an app 1. home = back to home  In real use I've never thought 'how do I get back', it just isn't an issue.

	Score: 118
		How are you still able to do anything using a 4? I upgraded my 4 to a 6 about a year and a half ago because it couldn't handle any apps at all.

	Score: 68
		You have a 7 year old Galaxy and you're getting the screen repaired? Surely a used phone would be cheaper...

	Score: 57
		I borrowed a 4 because my Galaxy screen busted and I'm waiting for it to be repaired. The Galaxy is just as old as the iPhone 4 and has no performance issues whatsoever (other than the screen which cracked because I'm a clumsy ass) - but that's another rant for another time :)

	Score: 52
		The 3D Touch back is actually removed in iOS 11 however!

	Score: 48
		The swipe back works on my Iphone 6. 

	Score: 25
		My mistake - iPhone 6 :)

	Score: 24
		> My issue with this is that many times, developers are inconsistent about how to go back within an app - sometimes the button is at the top, sometimes at the bottom, sometimes hidden in a menu, sometimes a swipe. I find that rather unintuitive.  First, let me say that, the fact that you perceive these inconsistencies is a legitimate design shortcoming. That said, as an iOS developer, I thought it should be pointed out that there is a consistent design language, mostly based on the app's navigation hierarchy (how the "screens" are organized and presented).  As a general rule, when users want to go back, they can tap a back button on the top left (or right, depending on the local) of the screen, often found on the "navigation bar" which displays a title, menu buttons, etc.. If this button can't be found, or users want a faster way to go back, most views can be "dismissed" with a gesture, normally involving either a swipe from the side of the screen, or down from the navigation bar. Should none of this apply, either there is no need to go "back," as is the case with "tab bar navigation," or the developer is doing something nonstandard, which, in most cases, is [a very](https://developer.apple.com/ios/human-interface-guidelines/overview/design-principles/), very [bad idea](https://ux.stackexchange.com/questions/99170/follow-company-consistency-or-os-convention), and a shortcoming of the developer, not the platform.  For a more complete description of how navigation in iOS works, see [Apple's developer guide](https://developer.apple.com/ios/human-interface-guidelines/interaction/navigation/) for a high level description of how things should work, or [Understand Navigation in iOS](https://github.com/codepath/ios_guides/wiki/Understanding-Navigation-in-iOS) for a survey of how navigation works in a variety of real iOS apps.  Also, if any terms I used were unclear, see [Apple's terminology reference](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/referencelibrary/GettingStarted/DevelopiOSAppsSwift/GlossaryDefinitions.html) 

	Score: 22
		> It is unintuitive. This is my biggest pet peeve because Apple keeps marketing their products as intuitive and easy to use.  > Most phones come with a 'back' button that works in every situation. It will either take you to the previous menu, or back to the previous app you were using, or back to your home screen.  I agree with much of your argument, but I disagree with the "unintuitive".  Back buttons on iOS may be "clunky" (I far too often hit the tiny "back to last app" button instead of the in-app "back to last page" button), but they aren't unintuitive. It's always clear where each button goes.  Android's back button is, to my mind, the unintuitive one. Sure, it always goes back, but it's often unclear where "back" is because it's dependent on the app and what I've been doing in the app. And there's no on-screen indication of where the back button is currently pointing.  By contrast, on iOS, "back" buttons are (almost) always clearly labelled, so you know where they're going to take you. Even if you regularly fat-finger the wrong one, like me.  That said, I find the off-screen-swipe-to-go-back gesture often does do something unexpected. Regularly, I've been clicking around in a browser window, and want to go back to the previous page, but thanks to the hiding chrome, I've forgotten that I'm using an in-app Safari window, and it closes the browser instead of going to the previous webpage :( 

	Score: 21
		Personally I love not having a back button. When I first switched from android to iPhone I was pretty lost without my back button but now whenever I use my fiancé's android I am annoyed that I can't just swipe back. Maybe it's a tiny hand issue more than anything but reaching to the bottom of the screen for a button is so useless on a touch screen! He gets annoyed when he uses my iPhone often asking me "where is the back button?!". I think the issue lies more in the fact that humans don't like change than whether or not one is better than the other.

	Score: 21
		In Android back takes you back to the app you were using if you followed a link, which makes a lot of sense. You press something that takes you to Google maps, or YouTube, and when you press back you get back to where you left off. Back button position can be swapped on devices that have it reversed according to preference.  Top left of the screen is not a good place on a device you are using with one hand, even if it's consistent. Not saying Android is perfect in this respect, but navigation is so much faster because you have the important buttons near your thumb. The dedicated app button which can be double pressed to take you to the last app you were using is also nicer than just having the app list.  Swiping to go back is a pretty nice feature, but I think swiping can have better uses.

	Score: 21
		Yep - odd, but it was a bit undiscoverable so wonder if their logic was based on use. 

	Score: 20
		I switched from Android to Apple with my last phone and I agree with all of your criticisms regarding the iPhone and how unintuitive the UI can be, but damn it's stable.  While I dislike the set-up, I can't deny that it's way more consistent than my Galaxy 6 was.

	Score: 20
		Wait, really?! It was super useful!

	Score: 20
		Will corroborate that my iPhone 6 (not 6S) has this feature. 

	Score: 18
		[deleted]

	Score: 16
		Personally, I didn't use it because in many situations it just felt clunky. this likely mostly do to the fact that I have a glass screen protector, and where you're supposed to press is precisely where the protector ends. Also I have a case.  It was, by all means, perfect when I didn't have those things on it, but after adding those on there I started having trouble. I can't imagine I'm alone in this situation.  HOWEVER, they still have the back button in the top left corner that shows up when you switch apps, and you can still double click the home button to get to the app switcher.

	Score: 16
		Yes, but swipe from screen edge still works on my iPhone 6.  Edit: just tested on a range of third party and system apps: works fine without 3D touch



